Top story Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
Hows you mom Nomiki I see the apple really did not fall far from the tree. It really explains so much about you.
Looks delicious We cant wait to see the finished apple crumble NathanSykes Snapchat SykesMusic InstagramStory 
Sweet cinnamon all throughout the room... homecooking frenchtoast apple mango cinnamon
so when is apple gonna make lowercase the default how much longer can I hit that uncaps to protect my nonchalant cavalier air
Site Manager job at Apple Resourcing UK Ltd  Harlow
dang one of my best friends gave me an 8 ounce thing of crown apple
Sex. Bitch. Fuck. Fight. Friend. Think. Fly. Gun. Ball. Sky. Cat. Chair. Boobs . Cats. Floor. Tree. Apple . Machine. Flat. Ambulance. Car. I.
Caramel apple lollipops are the way to my heart
LOOK AT MY BABY MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE
Goten ate the apple .
I will never forget when Miiiiiiiiikey asked me for an apple to use as a pipe and I handed him a ginger and said all I have is a potato
Alerts in our followup app. ios apple applewatch crm mobilecrm contacts reminders sales 
DIRECTVNowHelp cannot watch abc on Apple TV. Error 1501. All other channels work
AVAILLABLE NOW We Talkin Money Vol 1 1 Album to Add to your Playlist
Windians RallyTogether RollTribe Indians Look to Take Bite Out of Big Apple Against Yankees
Yea Im guessing Apple might change the system this year. It is 10th year anniversary. Maybe iPhone X. Ten
Check out Apple Mac Computer made in USA 1986 Apple
Dont argue with the research. Android Apple Android Apple Google 
Store Employee Oh look were wearing matching pink shirts. Me This shirt is actually apple guava. Sentence Im glad I didnt say
Apple reportedly holding iPhone event on September 12th
The tree doesnt fall far from the apple ...
This is the closest were going to get to an  Apple car
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
FT Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
Apple Spice Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting  AD
Apple of food WholeFoods  Walmart of Tech amazon marriage seems absurd but it can give grocers run for their money. evankirstel Retail
Battery wise yes. Lots of lag when closing apps and swiping.
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Stop too late they took my phone and sent it to the apple warehouse
Lot of 50 Apple MacBook Pro A1278 13.3 Laptops Intel Core i5 2.50GHz MD101LLA
My Debut Album Eleven Eleven is out now on Apple Music Tidal and Spotify
The disappointment when you buy a bag of jollyranchers and there isnt one single green apple in the entire bag... Hersheys 
who picked apple maps I just wanna talk
i like chai matcha or anything fruity like a mix of a white tea with orange apple flavor
Fair enough Apple pay reinvented credit cards...they were digital payments as well...now if you lose your phone youre more fed
Apple s main iPhone producer posted its first drop in sales in 26 years
Have an apple 
watchOS 4 beta 8 for Apple Watch now available
Well this so called loser knows how to smoke weed out of an apple so what now Kenneth
Apple has finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report
Its been the worst beta Ive seen and Ive been on a lot
Fitbit thinks they dropping a watch thats going to compete with the Apple Watch
Ive had Spotify forever but Apple Music seems a lot better so I took my card off and Im just waiting for the subscription to end
Apple yall phones really aint SHIT
16 times people were brilliantly trolled using AirDrop Apple s AirDrop can be useful dangerous or hilarious...
Just received a free sample of the Apple and Eve complimentary of influenster my boys will enjoy this 
Is it terrible
Apple you know more people would buy the iPhone if it wasnt .. ya know 1000..
16 times people were brilliantly trolled using AirDrop Apple s AirDrop can be useful dangerous or hilarious
Want to donate HurricaneHarvey  have an Apple product.
I been playing steady since launch and still dont even have 500 games as a counselor  lol.
Just got 100 confirmation the next Apple Watch will have LTE sim access
apple music stopped having the atomic blonde sound track for some biphobic reason and im SAD
dont feel bad apple sauce king
Yeah my ears will thank Apple to not do that again
Stay away
NYT is looking for a reporter to cover Apple 
Youre not the target audience. Apple knows people buy phones every other year only small  buys every year...like me lol
I spent 57 minutes working out with Apple Health. 184 calories burned. LoseIt
64GB Gray iPhone 6S iOS Apple Smartphone Unlocked 4G LTE Cellphone 12.0MP
Omfg this dude there goes my snack now I gotta settle for sum thing like an apple aka lame ass Bryce
nice mom
I want apple juice for some reason...
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Lavalier Lapel Microphone Clipon Omnidirectional Condenser Mic for Apple iPhone iPad iPod Touch..
4K. I wish Apple TV could be build into my Sony XBR65850e instead of chromecast. It would be nice to airplay straight to it.
Apple s next US data center will be built in Iowa
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
The hardest part about making apple chedderbeer bread is not consuming the ingredients before they get put in the mix
Exactly lol thats cool even tho it dont have stats to see were ur at
Apple
I NEED THIS ON APPLE MUSIC SO I CAN ADD IT TO MY PLAYLIST
An apple a day keeps the pounds away or more Theyre packed with fiber and water so your stomach will want less.
ma RT jamsbelleza U r the sunShine of my life U r the Apple of my eye Thats Y ill always be around Good Morning Princess MarydaleEntrat5 
Apple Music
Umm I wanna try this shit out
Iphone 7 first headphone jack Iphone 8 bye home button NYEAAAM WHATS NEXT APPLE
Youngesters will miss HILL again. Sad beans Apple reportedly holding iPhone event on September 12th
Lmfaoooo RT ItsMeGrizz  They prolly servin Crown Apple at Lakewood at Wednesday nights
Pills In The Apple PowerPoint Template  Backgrounds ID 0000002665 
Apple cider donut 
Apple has finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report
Yeah its fixed. Thankfully. Some crazy bastards already have Plat now that its been fixed. Cant imagine how they got Jason 1000x already
Apple iPhone 6s  64GB  Rose Gold Verizon Smartphone aesthetic tumblr 
I hate to admit it but the Outlook email app for iPhone is far superior to the default apple app.
Apple ou Samsung  Apple
APPLE TV REMOTE WHERE THE F ARE YOU
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
The Apple Car 54 cameras 62 sensors 0 USBA ports. 
Bone apple tea
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB 1 Year Apple Warranty  Certified Refurbished by Apple
How did you get Joon and Agust D on apple 
Someone was getting apple juice in the dinning hall today and a freshman said omg they have beer in dinning hall only at Oswego
Same day as Hillarys fake WhatHappened launch Apple reportedly holding iPhone event on September 12th
Bahahaha. Dont hold your breath Aunt Crabby. Apple doesnt fall far from tree.
 Deals  Hey guys CleanMyMac 3 for 27.99  29 off
Poof is the apple or the Death Note itself.
My daddys Birthday RT Complex  Apple is set to officially announce the iPhone 8 on September 12
Be NICE
How to break free from the Apple ecosystem
Excavator heavy equipment cuts an apple  plays football worth a look 
Out of the half dozen games I played on the small maps I escaped or survived over 80. I found it much better sometimes.
mam RT jamsbelleza U r the sunShine of my life U r the Apple of my eye Thats Y ill always be around Good Morning Princess MarydaleEntrat5
The real laugh I had was when my new MacBook Pro didnt have a port to directly my iPhone had to buy a special cable HA CMON APPLE .
Uh....  I think Id settle homemade apple pie cookies.
Earlier today  Chicken Apple Sausage Recipe  Leites Culinaria
Fitbit finally has a real competitor to the Apple Watch the Ionic
Dont ever change your password to get into your phone when youre half asleep guys. Spent 2 hours at apple to get my phone restarted
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Look at this apple pie I made today you guys Ill take those
Apple AirPods White InEar Official Air Pods Wireless Genuine Airpod  BRAND NEW
Still didnt fix the trophy PhD in killer
Yeah. Here you go. He said tossing Goten an apple 
Celebrate Easter with Musselmans Apple Sauce and Lucky Leaf Pie Fillin
Cramer Why Apple matters more to the market than Hurricane Harvey
I liked a YouTube video
How Businesses Including Apple and Amazon Are Helping Victims of Hurricane Harvey and How You Can Too
Apple s strong guidance now makes perfect sense   AAPL
On the 8th developer beta of iOS 11 and the battery is still utter garbage Apple
Redbone makes me want to eat the core of an apple and throw away the rest
Thats cool even tho I didnt mine the maps being big cuz it was already too easy for jason so cant imagine now how easy it will be
Does anybody know how to display filenameextension for example .png .psd .mp3 etc... in Apple Files App iOS11beta iOS11
Finally get to listen to DanielCaesar album on Apple Music.. been waiting forever
Construction workers post Apple Park construction videos
They prolly servin Crown Apple at Lakewood at Wednesday nights
The podcast has been approved by Google and is now available on Google Play Still waiting on Apple to catch up but should happen soon
The one by apple
If I go somewhere and they give me lukewarm apple pie Im throwing it back in their fuckin face  codyfotovich
Without actually having to deal w goof counselors. The game looks a lot better too they definitely polished it up.
Nevermind I seen the price  Apple can kiss my ass
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6 ATT 195
DealBook Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
ALSO A PhD Vision ScientistEngineer position and a PhD Visual Health scientistEngineer.
OtterBox SYMMETRY SERIES Slim Case for Apple iPhone 6s
Lot of 50 Apple MacBook Pro A1278 13.3 Laptops Intel Core i5 2.50GHz MD101LLA
Why would an ipadpro do this AppleSupport This was a replacememt from the apple store in NYC 
Oh I bet Apple is going to be all about we put the AR in ART  if you listen closely you can hear Jobs furiously masturbating in heaven
1000 and a line out the door  Apple will reportedly announce the next iPhone on September 12
Sonnnn these lil tiddie bop apple bacon nut smelling lama bean head ahhs mfs really coming for us
So Apple is going to announce iPhone 7s and iPhone 8 at the same time This is just a scam to raise iPhone prices without major backlash
U r the sunShine of my life U r the Apple of my eye Thats Y ill always be around Good Morning Princess MarydaleEntrat5 PushAwardsMayWards
Ive been saving kappa apple pie since December 2015
Weve reached the funding goal to provide the Syrian students at our program in Beirut with MacBooks apple iOS
http ow.lyLAvu30eJ6Mv Malware Attacks Continue on Apple  iOS CyberSecurity CIDC
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  MoneyNews
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before Sept 1
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev Luxury Apple 
Ooh wrong flag for Dominican Republic in yours website pls fix it AppleSupport Apple Flag 
Apple Of My Eye Custom Tank Top
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  MoneyNews
 AAPL  EXPE  HPE  FB  XOM  Apple Unveils Its Judgment Day Adidas Applies More Pressure to 
I played. The small maps are pretty fun but also come with a few minor glitches nothing game breaking yet. It was nice to play quick play
Kira save the Apple Watch
why the fuck isnt apple music free if you have an iphone 
hows the apple kool aid taste lol
I aint really a conspiracy theorist but I had this apple sitting on my dresser for a cool month on purpose and it looks brand new
You can see for example because of Americas depressed wages no one can afford to buy iPhones which has caused Apple stock to soar
Top story Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
Top story Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Top story Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
Top story Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
i do believe that that ladies jeans had apple on one side and bottom on the other
Just found the cutest Apple Watch band on Amazon Cant decide if its worth 16 though
so trocando a bateria na apple
Apple keyboard doesnt capitalize god automatically but does to Kylie Jenner
The best tvOS 11 features coming to Apple TV this fall  Apple News
Mpow Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable Sync Compatible Cable 3.3 Feet for iPhone 7 6s Plus 6..
Fitbit Ionic is Apple s latest competitor in smartwatch race.
I didnt get to watch.. Helping with fund raising for Tx...and Fur babies there.. Always 1 bad apple doesnt have to be the whole barrel 
is anyone selling an apple watch charger 
We might not know what gravity is if Isaac Newton didnt ask questions he saw a falling apple while thinking about the forces of nature.
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility Andrew Ross Sorkin DEALBOOK 
Honey Mask Pack 10ml Apple Strawberry Cucumber Citron Charcoal GOODAL
Almost Apple cider donut season
CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE TOUCH PANEL I LOVE YOU Apple 
I am loving my Apple Watch
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12
I should cook Vibes right New bottle of wine Rae got her apple juice lol
Talkin to Dead People feat. KILLA 9  RE UP RICH  Single by SHONYEA on Apple Music
I liked a YouTube video
When I look at my Apple Watch friend s the better the person job is the least amount of steps they take in a day
Apple Files Patent to Allow Discreet 911 Calls
Youre my cuppycake gumdROP snoogumbpogums youre The apple of my eye And I love you so And I want you to know that Ill always be right here
How does he even know to leave the apple at his door Hes never been told he likes apples. He saw him eat one once
Tidal tried me like this and apple sorted it out got my money back real quick through Apple support 
i only drink water and apple juice
I liked a YouTube video
Sour apple I see 
wow its been like 3 years and im still pissed about apple removing the aux from iphones
New Fitbit smartwatch and headphones take aim at Apple
Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Jet Black Factory Unlocked Smartphone
LamarrWilson  Apple Pie
LenaLitty Ima need that Apple Music back Cuz lmao
Like and share this pure awesomeness Apple Cases 
AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters... NEW
Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
I spent 29 minutes working out with Apple Health. 157 calories burned. LoseIt
Bloomberg  Apple is maintaining its best not first philosophy....
Top story All the important dates for Apple s next big iPhone announcement
9to5mac Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Alexa has 70 smart speaker market share. Android has 81 mobile OS. Apple has missed the boat again and will overcharge for it.
Cheese on apple pie is a thing
http ift.tt2vjwa0A Excited Apple May Announce iPhone 8 in Just Two Short Weeks
Planning to keep my  APPL  see huge sale raise from IPHONE8 and Homepod drive Apple stock to New highs.
Cute Pattern Leather Armor Magnetic Wallet Case Cover For Apple iPhone 5 Gray
APPLE IPad Air 2 16GB Silver 9.7 Retina Display
And just to be be clear apple and applesupport  your reply was REALLY did I plug my phone in correctly. Thank you Wonderful help
apple needs a night mode like twitter does night shift just doesnt quite cut it
Quick dinner idea DalmatiaFigSpread with green apple  whole wheat grilled cheese sandwich with melted Brie. Recipe by KeysToTheCucina  
Cut the cord Life without a cable box is better. Apple TV NVIDIA Shield etc  much better... Get only what you want.
Apple to unveil iPhone 8 on September 12 possibly at Steve Jobs Theater
Nothing better than Redds apple Ale
And they say the Apple Pippin has no good games. expanddong 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Fitbit wa...
I want an Apple Watch but idk if its worth the money
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Fitbit Launches An Apple Watch Competitor With BuiltIn GPS
Why  Single by Anonamous on Apple Music
I hate Apple omg
Today I ate an apple  read an article about owls and texted my mom. UPLOAD TWEET TO TWITTER DOT COM
Akarinselect Pickup  iPhone6s plusÎÄ 128GB  Givefix  APPLE ...
I know you should take it to apple and ask them why you cant illegally stream movies on it
now that apple wanna be a bitch and improve camera quality next upgrade my ugly ass going back to taking blurry selfies on android
So they finally patched the game did u play yetAny differences
i...might have apple music hold on lol lemme look into this
Im with you. I want to become an apple cider vinegar truther so I can justify to myself not drinking it
With school starting the hunt for healthy drinks is on Motts offers 100 Apple Juices in pouches ad MKMotts
OS X is shit. Everything about it is trash. It is a shell of its former self. I dont think Apple wants to make computers anymore
Apple Watch will soon support a huge variety of workouts
why must apple cider vinegar smell the way it does
Yall go to Apple Music right now An add all Mike Smiff music to your play list
I dont want summer to end but Im also looking forward to the crisp fall mornings the colorful leaves the hot apple cider. All of it.
Felt so hurt buy the luxury this guy at the Archi building last night. Macbook Air iPad Pro ne Apple iPhone 
Perc  Wax Apple
Get Excited Apple May Announce iPhone 8 in Just Two Short Weeks
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs TheNextWeb  Fitbit was for years a
It may not all be good but it aint all bad. Best apple Ive ever
Apple iPhone 5c  32GB  White Cricket MF129LLA A1532 Nice Condition
My girls love Apple  Eve Mom and Dad love it for them too AEFruitForThought Complimentary Contest Influenster AppleandEveJuice 
I think taking shots of tequila and whiskey in my early 20s has prepared me for taking apple cider vinegar shots.
Apple s strategy to bring Macs to enterprise market Fitting in while standing out Matt Brennan Apple Head of Global Enterprise Strategy 
Apple s HomePod adapts music to wherever its playing
Acatim 8Pin Lightning Cable for Select Apple Products  3Ft 1m  3Pack  White by Acatim
Has anyone tried the Apple Pie Oreos yet
What the iPhone 8s Sept. 12 Launch Date Means for Apple
Awesome Im betting if you were there hiding from the monster Videl would allow you to have an apple ..
One of the PDs recently teachers were asking if there was an Apple Teacher program for students. This is amazing And for all ages
http app.smdcodes.com LEONIS Inc.  clickbank Android Apple File Instagram
BRING. BACK. JULION. ALVAREZS. MUSIC. ON. APPLE . MUSIC. PLS.
Apple TV Killer The BEST Kodi Box Media Streamer I Have Reviewed The ACE...
Nike  Apple versus Fitbit Adidas.
20 A GRAM FCUK OUTTA HERE W YA FRESHMAN ORIENTATION ASS PRICES BRUCE FROM ALPHA APPLE PIE
Jio Android Sonos might soon have an Apple HomePodstyle smart speaker of its own 
FT Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
Answer this ECO365 How Apple s the organization marginal product of labor
Darknet  Apple Palace  Steemit
I work at an apple orchard Ill take the pics
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win Uloveido Silver Plated Candy Apple Cubic Zircon... by Uloveido.
32gb 4x8gb apple memory upgrade for late 2015 imac 27 ddr3 1867mhz pc314900
RT FT Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
Had start over wit my apple music
 Apple .. Hopefully Akemi likes apple pie if not then Shad may have to buy him something
Abi ohhhh ......everthing is ladies ....we gave Adam d apple alright we dint force him to eat it....
my apple juice just disappeared out of thin air and i am FUMING
bebdbndnd my irl is literally only going to college for the apple music discount
8 365 Everyday Value Freeze Dried Granny Smith Apple Slices 1 oz 365 Everyday Value Freeze
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fearless by Jazmine Sullivan on Apple Music
Amazon and Apple Are Collecting Hurricane Harvey Donations
Apple Music stay tripping 
The Harp Riddim  2013 DSM Amazon
Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
Mmm apple pie...
we might not know what gravity is if isaac newton didnt see a falling apple fro the sky.
i feel personally attacked youre my cinnamon apple
So I spilt a whole box of Apple Jacks in class today and all my teacher did is laugh at me
Apple AppleSupport can we get a pin at the top feature on Notes It sucks having to scroll down all notes every time I need my zip code
i found a great spotify playlist but i have apple music
Shooter Jennings Essentials by Apple Music Country
Visit us this week at the 2017 Farm Progress Show booth 905 Youll find refreshments and a chance to win an Apple iPad 5 combineheaders 
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win Super Hero Cape Pretend Play Princess D... by Red Apple Ear....
And the SKO18Hunt grand prize winner of an Apple Watch is ... RimoliGabrielWe will be reaching out shortly with details.
Shooter Jennings Next Steps by Apple Music Country
Apple s HomePod adapts music to wherever its playing
Apple Music annoying why tracks just be going missing
Does streaming work if the album is played on Apple Music
Apple s 11 picks for sleep health apps  MobiHealthNews digitalhealth
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Josh Turner Next Steps by Apple Music Country
Josh Turner Essentials by Apple Music Country
Global warming wanted by huge companies that use countries to do work for them Apple Microsoft etc let them PutUpTheMoney use USA workers
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win Super Hero Cape Pretend Play Princess D... by Red Apple Ear....
HELP I WANT APPLE CIDER BUT THEYRE OUT OF STOCK 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Fitbit was for years a company...
FT Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs 
Apple vs Android
Another darknet apple store  Steemit
Original BoyBlob was really heavy into referential jokes like the apple jelly bean made a Jack to lift stuff up... get it.... Apple Jack
 AAPL Apple Unveils Its Judgment Day Adidas Applies More Pressure to Nike  ICYMI via
Fitbit takes aim at Apple with new smartwatch launch  Reuters UK
Apple now handling Beddit customer support  AppleInsider
Gadgets Gear Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Apple expected to unveil showcase 10th anniversary iPhone at first big event at new HQ Video
Fitbit takes aim at Apple with new smartwatch launch
Î¾ apple dailyfollowhobby
Cramer Why Apple matters more to the market than Hurricane Harvey  CNBC
Apple expected to unveil showcase 10th anniversary iPhone at first big event at new HQ Video
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  MoneyNews
Apple s newest datacenter project in Iowa will be powered by clean energy from day one
Fitbit is teaming up with Adidas as it takes on Apple with its first fullyfledged smartwatch
iPhones are great because I can text while I cry in the shower. Thanks Apple .
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  MoneyNews
Apple Wallet Coupons Direct Online Interest Towards Offline Sales 
Very grateful towards Apple . I got everything fixed in one day missed my appointment and still going home with a working computer.
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win Super Hero Cape Pretend Play Princess D... by Red Apple Ear....
HELP who knows how to delete multiple Apple Ids off an iPhone because my dad wont listen to me
Congratulations Jon
Team America backyard apple pieeagle coming out party lol
Congrats to Emily Birthisel from bellepropertyau for winning our Apple TV competition at ARPM2017 realestate Propertymanagement 
glucose and galactose via sodiumglucose cotransporter SGLT1 fructose absorbed via GLUT5 apple juice study bogus DFTB17
too hotty just now on apple music lol
Sacconaghi Apple Smartglasses could be bigger than the iPad
Just got our Apple and Eve juice This was sent complimentary for testing purposes. influenster appleandeve appleandeve 
Î¾ apple dailyfollowhobby
so I finally set my Apple Music back up and now listening to SZA and Solange and the new Tyler shit and so much... and Im very happy
Just downloaded everything she owns from Apple Music KayaJones maga
From the Modern ModelT to Modest Software Ambitions The Story of Apple s Car Proj
Why cant AAP put all their projects on Apple Music
How is the mail app still mysteriously unable to find half of my emails Apple  Seems like this problem would have been fixed by now.
The Wall Street Journal Apple s iPhone announcement expected in Sept. 12 event
MY BABY MY ANGEL MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE  THE LIGHT OF MY LIFE I TRULY LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Something about how Apple wants to fit in and stand out at the same time...
This is a pretty good summary of Apple  IMO. Sounds like something gruber might say.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Apple Watch.
DID YOU KNOW THERES NO APPLES IN APPLE SPICE THERES NO TEA IN CHAI SPICE
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
NFLGamePassEU When are you going to release an update so I can watch via Apple TV gen 3. It worked fine last season.
isnt that an apple picking place
OCASE Waterproof Phone Case Universal Waterproof Bag Dry Bag With Neck Strap for Apple iPhone 7..
SHIT MY APPLE JUICE WENT UP MY NOSE SKSKSKSK
Could an Apple selfdriving car be in our midst An iCar maybe 
i just wanna know when apple is going to add mixtapes to apple music
Spotify Apple MusicNapsterLimewire... the usual
Apple releases macOS High Sierra developer beta 8
Apple
youre the bad apple . I want a bite.
Apple Wtf Airpod straps Just buy normal earbuds. Those are the types of products you make that are fucking useless.
people that are too serious about the Samsung apple debate chill out n let people use what they like
Apple to hold product launch event on Sept.12 
the shit apple doesnt fall far from the shit tree
Does Apple still make those
PSA iPhones get water damage just from being in your pocket when it rains. Thats some top tier stuff right there Apple ...
99c Lose Yourself..  A TOUCH OF PASSION  USAToday ASMSG TW4RW IAN1 AToP Apple
An apple a day keeps the doctors away. bot
Top story Apple might have finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone
Im not even considering getting the Anniversary iPhone but goddamn it I want to know how Apple is gonna redo the Home button
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Oneself HICKS Activicational oneself word HYMENYou Feel Psalms ACT JOB EditoringApplizing IBM alphabetizing movies songs dance DRHICKS
sumitdhawan brings Matt Brennan from apple into the VMWorld stage 
Bad Apple  
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
people who pay with their apple watch are extra af bih cant you carry a damn card
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Fitbit was
I stopped drinking early and was so thirsty. Im keeping a bottle of apple juice with me next time. I did over 20k steps today.
Had the same problem apple gave me a new battery
FavoriteBooks of SteveJobs examined in recent post link in bio. jobs apple EsqFavorites 
VMwares sumitdhawan and Apple s Matt Brennan at the VMworld EUCShowcase 
I sent it to them and they did the exchange
How Facebook Apple  and Google Will Hasten the Next Era of TV
Cisco RJ Plug Headset Adapter Converter to Apple Iphone Ipad Ipod Stereo Headset Headphones by..
I liked a YouTube video
Oh and what about Apple Watch. Have you tried the beta on that
Apple Music is tripping then 
Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th
Android Oreo vs. iOS 11 how do the features compare Apple Google Ios11 Apple Google Tech
Its very Apple to fit in but stand out. Matt Brennan of Apple
Strategy to fit in and stand out in enterprise Apple VMware VMworld
Apple s HomePod adapts music to wherever its playing
Ultimate Advertising Pack Tablet Air with OS8 has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest ... 
Matt Brennan head of Global Enterprise Strategy for Apple is on stage with SumitDhawan right now at VMworld . This is a big surprise.
Siri cant dial phone numbers from my Contacts but shes very aware of the NFL  Apple 
Apple iPhone 6s  64GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
Great to have Apple on stage. EUCshowcase vmworld
Apple s invasion of enterprise failing as more companies opt for Windows PCs
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Silver at 19.99 on 4GEE Max 40GB 24 Month...
In an alternate universe autumnthemed treats are made with cinnamon nutmeg and allspice. Now every fall is an apple pie spice season.
Apple s HomePod adapts music to wherever its playing
The poet is a tree. He changes nothing at the cost of everything. The apple fell and from it Newton discovered the theory of relativity
This may be the worst tweet Ive ever seen and that includes all the bone apple teeth food pics
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree...
when you share apple music with a bunch of idiots JMeier3 wardhun10 
Shout out to my mom for giving me 10 to pay for my Apple Music smh PINK needa call me back
Thats my mf cinnamon apple
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
The subscription cost 120 Yep. Ill stick to Apple Music.
In the mood for some comfort food tonight. Jalepeno scalloped potatoes with ham  cinnamon apple 
I get very self conscious trying to quietly chew an apple
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple s HomePod adapts music to wherever its playing
BEST UNLOCK SERVICE WITH iCloud remove slow service sold by Middle East from 15
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
RT RT MayWardArticle Glad to see our Apple from tonights episode Thank you StarCreativesTV PushAwardsMayWa  
Apple LinuxUnix Born to kernel panics Windows Born to BSOD
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Air Pods might actually be my fav Apple product next to the actual phone.
Apple cider vinegar is the most disgusting thing Ive ever drank
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
rt  RT BERENIKEDENISE Love this scene. The love and respect to both siblings. Sweet Tristan and Apple . LaLuna 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
No Ive got a Fitbit but I may consider an Apple Watch soon. Ive just heard mixed reviews. For that price point Im gonna need
Everyone take a few and listen to Dunn and Drew on Apple Podcasts. ericvdunn will not fail to entertain.
12 reasons to learn Apple s opensource Swift language
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
DamianRoland on dilute apple juice study DFTB17 beyond severity also wrong sugar mechanism fructoseglucose EBM 
Heres Apple s Matt Brennan on stage at VMworld s EUCShowcase 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
Dropping on Apple Music sometime today 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
To keep potatoes from budding place an apple in the bag with the potatoes.
CHECK IT OUT ON SPOTIFY  APPLE MUSIC  TIDAL  PANDORA NoiseBrigade
Day 1 Kindergarten it was fun she yawned twice tooted twice only ate graham cracker bunnies and apple slices got to go to library
Im so ready for fall Scarves riding boots scary movies football pumpkin and apple picking halloween and thanksgiving
Watch the Rake It Up music video NOW. Stream Rake It Up on Spotify Apple Music  TIDAL NOW WatchRakeItUpOnVEVO Lets get it to TOP5 
Fearless by Jazmine Sullivan on Apple Music
SOME CUSTOMER FROM MCDONALDS CAME OUT TO THE NATIONAL FOOD PROGRAM WELCOME BACK APPLE SNAPPLE IS MS.COLLYER
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128 gb  Silver. Brand New SPRINT ONLY. U.S. Shipping Only via eBay
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Franklin Graham represents God well. The apple did not fall to far fromda tree.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Think Different About Patient Engagement
New on Ebay Ipad Air Apple iPad Air 2 MGTX2LLA 9.7inches 128 GB Tablet Space Gray
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128 gb  Silver. Brand New SPRINT ONLY. U.S. Shipping Only win 
You BETTER wtf. I made the mistake of having Apple Music
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
MY CINNAMON APPLE 
Mint Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Matte Black TMobile MN5G2LLA Clean ESN  More
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
I have some apple cinnamon cheerios that have gone stale and Im trying to figure out something to make with them.
And now Matt Brannan of Apple on stage here VMworld Talking about the companies partnership VMWorld 
Really want apple dumplings now
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs 
Fuck a Piece of the Apple Pie  I Want my Own Cake
Aligning tech strategy between VMware and Apple to support enterprise innovation  interoperability to promote customer success VMworld
Im buggin cuz ur buggin. Pumpkin a mp Apple pie trash
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128 gb  Silver. Brand New SPRINT ONLY. U.S. Shipping Only via eBay
the wise livvycamara just backed me up by saying that apple pie tastes like old ladies crazyteacherOHS interesting
apple you have until spring 2018
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Silver tone APPLE Brooch Pin Lapel with Rhinestones DorisDailyDeals Bonanza
Of course Obama didnt want to upset the apple cart right before the election
Maybe Apple s One Billion Dollar Original Content Push Will Actually Be Good 
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Bridal Jewelry Apple 
Why Apple s Sept. 12 iPhone event is its most important in years  Recode
Android Oreo vs. iOS 11 how do the features compare via mashable
You have to delete the albums from your library in order for the streams to count on Apple Music
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
NEVER schedule a walkin appointment at apple
Apple to Officially Announce iPhone 8 Next Month
Cut my sugar. Drink plenty apple cider vinegar water. And I do krav maga. Have for long time.
NFL Chicago Bears Rugged Case for Apple iPhone 6  BlackBlueOrangeWhite 
Apple event reportedly scheduled for September 12 to debut iPhone8  iPhone7s  LTE AppleWatch and 4K Apple TV 
Apple on stage This is a first as far as I remember for an EMM keynote. VWworld
Cheating on apple with another app.
visionlist New Job Posting  Apple Inc
I hope the new AppleTV gets a new Remote via r apple
Wow Matt Brennan the head of global enterprise strategy for APPLE  is now on stage. VMworld EUCShowcase
Apple Smartphone Apple iPhone SE  16 Go 
Welcome to Terri Cloutier  Apple  Inc. AIPIAcongress Intelligent Packaging News
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
http ift.tt2vz903V Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs 
Wall Street Journal sets a date for next Apple showcase
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Pumpkin and Apple Recipes  11 Fall Treats  Refresh Restyle
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
The guy at the Apple Store looked at my phone for a min and then hands me a brand a new one and says youre all set
Welp I own it on Bandcamp already so eat dick Apple Music
Apple iPad 4th Generation  WiFi  32GB  9.7 Silver via eBay
Apple iPhone SE  32GB  Space Gray TMobile Smartphone
Little League BaseballAmerican Patriots Apple Pie and . Doesnt get better than this 
20 uses for apple cider vinegar 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
AppleSupport the Apple Store now requires iOS 10. You guys drive me batty.
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
RT TheStreetTech  Apple Unveils Its Judgment Day Adidas Applies More Pressure to Nike  ICYMI
Been on the phone with apple for 40 fucking mins shit sad fr
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
Delicious. First story why is the area around the stem so much dirtier than the rest of the apple 
NowPlaying Bryson Tiller  Let Me Explain CDQ on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Unless everone in the group chat has an iPhone  dnt put me in that shit. Not until apple makes it possible to leave when droids are present
fireballs the worst liquor prolly thats not even liquor its like old apple juice or sum
When I head off to India next month my old beat covering Apple will be available. You can apply at
Skrilla should be on Apple Music
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple s iPhone event scheduled for Sept. 12 Report
You better watch your anxiety levels Is Apple Watch impacting our lives negatively via TheWarcos
Apple let me move some pics from my camera roll to a album and be able to delete then otherwise albums are useless... or teach me some
I ate a brownie for breakfast today. And apple pie this afternoon. And all the carbs for lunch. This diet is going GREAT
went to apple at millennia  my future husband works there helpmefindhim
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
http ift.tt2vEMmWP Envia con NSI CARGO
Apple reportedly holding iPhone event on September 12th  The Verge
tonight for dinner im having a frozen apple and a dr pepper college is where its at
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
I prefer Apple Music because I find it easy that I dont have to download another app for it and Spotify sucks in Canada
Congrats on xxxtentacion making it to number 1 on Apple music
Dont got apple music no more .
Apple Unveils Its Judgment Day Adidas Applies More Pressure to Nike  ICYMI
Switching to Apple in a week
Apple tryna take all our money
YES Terri Cloutier at Apple  Inc. registered for AIPIA World Congress. And you
Apple to Reveal iPhone 8 on Tuesday September 12th  Touch Arcade
WHEN THE SUBURBS WILL BE ADDED TO APPLE MUSIC arcadefire
Fearless by Jazmine Sullivan on Apple Music
5 Golden Rules for Hiring ARKit Developers.
ready for fall and apple cider donuts
yells CHICK GREEN APPLE
Why isnt the apple charger called apple juice
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Fitbit was for years a company wi
Just overheard my dad say to my little brother listen you should just stop talking before I karate chop you in your Adams apple  ok
Good morning people Source by doshkabahry sport nike apple applewatch potsdam Polen 
Apple better watch out Fitbits gunning for them with the Ionic smartwatch 
aud per usd apple stock 2007
Compare Apple iPhone 7 32GB and Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB  Nigerian Tech Gist Blog
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs tech
RT Fukuhar1Mayward  RT Lhynrhez  OnlyMayward MarydaleEntrat5 Hahaha Apple galing mo PushAwardsMayWards
Video of a powered on iPhone8 clone Apple
Apple event reportedly scheduled for September 12 to debut new iPhones LTE Apple Watch and 4K Apple TV
Compare Apple iPhone 7 32GB and Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB  Nigerian Tech Gist Blog
I apple sauce
It was a pleasure presenting the Apple Grower of the Year award to Rod Farrow. Rod really values his employees
You can now donate through Apple iTunes for Harvey storm relief  Mashable
Apple Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Jack Adapter Price This Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone adapter lets you... 
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Used Apple iPhone 5S 32GB Factory Unlocked Clean ESN. GOOD CONDITION Giveaway RT  Follow 
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Apple is stupid quick with the shipping
watch when I start making these apps fuck around get sponsored by apple
Sometxmes hen Im sad I picture a shirtless Benedict Cumberbatch slowly eating an apple fritter. Try it
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
We should petition Apple to make a 10gb one instead of discontinuing it.
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Work for the New York Times and cover Apple . Thats no easy task.
Just in time to buy the new Apple Watch They planned it that way.
The apple doesnt fall too far from the tree
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Ive never used Apple Music or Spotify idk which is better
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
If it had Imint it would have blown anything apple could do our of the water but they missed that train for this one...
Smug look. Walks towards the fridge and pulls out a tub of Apple Juice.  oh okay. 
Apple breaks new ground in squeezing locals for huge tax breaks while offering almost no jobs
Drink apple juice cuz OJ will kill you...
It just works Only Apple can do this Courage And we cant wait to see what you do with this U2
MINT CONDITION Apple iPhone 5S 32GB TMobile CLEAN IMEI Touch ID Issue
There are so many things that Apple is doing right now that are bad. I really wonder why they arent communicating internally.
Foxtel FYI just deactivated Foxtel Now. Too awkward to use without you supporting AirPlay to Apple devices.
WHU DORSNT CAPS HACE AUTICOREWCT HONESTLT APPLE GER UOUR SHUT STRIVHT
Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
Its rampant among companies that are not as prorgrsssive as Amazon Apple etc
I had a horrible sore throat all day felt like strep I ate a kiwi and a green apple and now Im healed. Food is medicine medicine is food.
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  read more at
Got apples Make this NoBake Apple Pie Parfaits recipe
Win Destiny 2 Apple Watch Giveaway September 2017
teespring Your Apple Pay link is not working on iOS.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Tech 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  MoneyNews
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  MoneyNews
Is apple planning a 4k appletv announcement soon
U.S. Apple Crop Forecast Down 8
apple
i thought the celery apple totally cancelled out the pb i was young and naive
I need to go to apple
Im at Apple  Cia in Teresina
I was told that you could but Im going to actually ask Apple to be sure
OpenBox Excellent Apple  MacBook Air  13.3 Display  Intel Core i5  8G...
iPhone 6 Charger3 Pack High Quality and Durable Original Cord for Apple iPhone 6 Charger..
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6S Plus Verizon 430
Check out this freebie Apple Watch Design Mockup 
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Nice graphic gracieleo Apple juice rules dftb17 
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
You cant trust people that buy Apple products these days smh
appleinsider Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by WesternDigital
 spx  spy monitoring iwm qqq ibb apple  fang forex euro cad dollar for short plays only from 2moro.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Apple MacBook Pro 15 A1398 Late 2013  Mid 2014 Retina Full LCD Screen Assembly
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Apple iPhone 6S Plus gold 24k 128GB  factory Unlocked diamonds
Apple IPhone 6S 32gb ROSE GOLD  TMobile Smartphone 7320109 Price 371.00 View and Buy this ...
Dimensions of Apple s Upcoming iPhone 7s and 7s Plus Leaked
You never taste golden apple juice with brown sugar You missing out my girl.
just got my Apple  Eve VoxBox from Influenster. 
Im sad. They didnt have any apple juice so I got orange juice. I love apple juice though.
Apple just let me pick the music I wanted to listen to while on hold
Go inside the minds of the 8bit people trekking westward on your Apple II GS. Fridays 10PM through 91.
I have apple earbuds.... Apple
FYI were getting to that time of year where all iPhone leaks tend to be accurate as the Apple Event is 12th September.
Were 99 sure this is when Apple will announce the iPhone 8
Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th
. DamianRoland looks at the apple juice study. DFTB17 this cohort was very mild treated with ondansetron... are we overtreating
Bout My Paper  Single by Chubb Raps on Apple Music
Hey MSPhD vision sciencecomp graphicsimaging peeps Visual Experience Engineer position at Apple . DM me for deets if interested.
Apple bar would be genius.
ipad is registered trademark of apple inc Blackberry Research In Motion Limite
The Next iPhone Is Going To Be Unveiled On Sept. 12 Report Says apple geek nerd apple
Sceptic about the apple juice study Youre not the only one
You over there eatin rice krispie treats a Popsicle and apple juice
Amazon and Apple Are Collecting Hurricane Harvey Donations
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by WesternDigital
Did You Know That You Can Light Up The iPhone Apple Logo Just Like A MacBook
8 Apple Watch 2 Case Langboom Apple Watch Screen Protector UltraThin PC Hard Cover Full
The Daily Digest Of Future News 39 Sec WATCH AI selfdrivingcar VentureCapital Health ecommerce Amazon Apple future richardbranson 
Urban Land mag w latest on SmartHomes  incl Apple HomeKit at Playa Vistas newest neighborhood The Collection.
Apple Garden State Plaza just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple ever since Steve jobs died you guys have really Fallon off of the wagon. oregontrail donnerpass
Apple leaked the iphone8 nobody cared now they are gonna share it sept 12 . Well lets hope it will be something to watch for
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
As I said b4 apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
Chasers Apple Cider and black cherry juice are blended together to create this tangy cider.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Apple Watch Stand By Signion Gear Minimalist Design Anodized Aluminum Charging Stand  Solid..
From My Blog Symptoms of Apple s Design Ailment
I just checked in at Apple Retail Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Look What You Made Me Do reminds me of the pen pineapple apple pen song
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Its 2017. When are yall going to make a navigation app that works Apple
I own a Galaxy S6 and I agree with aceofheartsfox . Apple Store will help a butt load with your product problems.
Is Apple Inc. AAPL Stock Setting Up a Sell the News Scenario
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Things you see around KATVNews  1980sera Macintosh SE30. vintage apple 
Apple cider vinegar is a good cleaning solvent
Display Release on apple CAST
i should update
Omg thank you You deserve all the love
BTR Launches new TECH section Ignoring Qi Apple Turns On Wireless Greed via ReformJustice BeTheRain
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
or if you have apple music shoot your playlists
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Apple as a former employee it sucks to try and get support at the store and be treated like trash. Yall really blow now.
Just one text to a number the owner selects. Then phones can easily be returned if found. If a phone is locked we can do little.
DealBook Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Win an Apple Watch
Every App Icon Change Apple Made on Your Home Screen in iOS 11  Gadget Hacks
TheNextWeb Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Looks like im having apple sauce for dinner  my gums are so swollen on the right side of my mouthssksk
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
New on Ebay for the United States Imac APPLE iMAC 27 A1312 MD063LLA 12.2 CORE i7 3.40Ghz 8GB 1.25TB A Grade Box
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
FINALLY someone who uses Apple Music Thank you Sam
sza y u take warm winds off Apple Music thats my smoke music Id blow a pound to that whole EP
We feel ya But thats up to Apple to decidewed give them to you now if we could
Apple always let you know when its time for a new phone
hes acting to grown he needs to sit down and continue drinking his apple juice
Apple s App Development with Swift Curriculum Expanding to Dozens of U.S. Community Colleges. When Singapore
Im not a fan of strawberry but that due to having so much when little. However the res is good and Apple Jelly.
Why is it every other year people forget the S model I doubt Apple will jump directly to the 8 this year. Itll probably 7S
Why dnt you help do something about google and apple trying to stop Patriots and Christians from buying and selling  Do you have a backbone
What rubbish There is nothing exclusive about Apple Pay... its merely BNZ being owned by an Oz bank that wants to operate as a cartel
Now a certified Apple Teacher
Oh that sucks D If phone support fails try to go into an Apple store for support. They have surprisingly good inperson help lately
hmm i use apple music because i liked to have all my music in one app but id say spotify it adds albums far quicker and the playlists
2 desktops mine Apple  DS built his own 2yrs ago 2 lap tops  1 notebook.4 people. Notebooks are good for younger ones
Seriously BarbieAriel if you come back to Portland we want to make you my cinnamon apple Belgian waffles. Breakfast for dinner ftw.
what if you ate an apple and pooped out an banana wouldnt that be cool lizzybastible me uhhh sure...
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility 
do i buy a apple watch series 1 38 mm rose gold
Apple reportedly holding iPhone event on September 12th
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Apple AppleSupport can you add a I found your phone function to the lock screen. If someone finds it it cud send a text when pressed
TNW Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
godville 0435 PM My Goddess I swallowed an apple seed Please dont let me turn into a tree
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Went to Walmart for a new Apple Watch charger left with 50 pack of moz stix
Review for Airpods Apple Accessories Genuine Leather Earphone CaseAirpods Pouch Case Cover...brimi09 Blog Booster
TheNextWeb Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Why the iPhone8 s facial recognition could be a privacy disaster. apple security
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
https buff.ly2vCGq0L Apple has finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report 
no way its out
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Display Release on apple CAST
Its been my staple lunch for the past few weeks. Homemade apple butter. Then I have homemade blueberry raspberry strawberry jams to eat.
hell yeah new ep songs for the tired and lonely coming spotify apple music google play 911 never forget
Eighth developer betas of Apple s High Sierra iOS 11 tvOS 11 watchOS 4 now available
More than 180000 iPhone apps wont be compatible with iOS 11 via r apple
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Sacconaghi Apple Smartglasses could be bigger than the iPad
iamcasa you need to do some investing history research...go see how Apple looked in the 80s and 90sAmazon JUST started making money
Apple has finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report
Cant expect much truth from any of his kids. IvankaTrump realDonaldTrump the apple didnt fall far from the liar
my apple ID is disabled  apparently not for security reasons. The appleid support redirected me to itunes support.
Im just ready for bonfires and apple cider
Apple iPhone 7 PRODUCTRED  128GB  ATT Smartphone win 
apple juice will be joining us
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
my Apple Watch never told me my schedule for the day its unpredictable kurt cobain
Just hoping for the headphone jack to come back. Knowing apple  it wont happen 
U.S. Apple Crop Forecast Down 8
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
UL taught me to be okay with drinking Cranberry Apple and Grape juice with any meal.
Apple Maps
apple
iPhone 6 Charger3 Pack High Quality and Durable Original Cord for Apple iPhone 6 Charger..
DealBook Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
I liked a YouTube video
I had to do it like 4 times before it finally worked brhdhdhdhdhddh apple was fucking w me and u
i love the s8 camera  im thankful my bby got me another phone but i bet i swop it out i can leave the apple team dawg
Want to win Apple Watch Series 2 Sport I just entered to win and you can too.
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Gadgets Gear Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
A fertility lesson from Amazon  FB  Google  Apple
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Silver on 4GEE Max 25GB 24 Months contract w...
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  MoneyNews
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs Fitbit was for years a company
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Gold at 779.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Month...
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  MoneyNews
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  MoneyNews
Create U signature design with LookRev Luxury living Apple 
20170829 0834
Yeah Its a lucky thing Seattle has the best economy in the Nation with Amazon Microsoft Boeing Starbucks  Apple .
Quiero un Apple Watch
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12  WSJ
swim swimming MySwimPro Apple APP of the Year Crosses 100K Goal 48 Hours To Invest swimmer
the best part about apple music is committing to a monthly contract in order to hear a 030 snippet
Turns out apple juice makes my farts smell really bad do I have any fellow strugglers out there
I thinks my bid from kappa apple pie got lost in the mail.
Maybe cutting up a whole apple  pear and orange was a bit too much to eat for breakfast. I am loving having filmjlk again though
Im entered to win an Apple Watch from PMAcademy s Back to School in style sweepstakes backtoschool
1000 for a phone Apple smokin dick if they think Im payin anything over 50 for the fee I gotta pay for the next iPhone that releases 
. Apple thinks innovation is a new iPhone. Insert Sad emoji here.
Stream it now on Spotify Apple Music and Google Play 
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
The Times is hiring an Apple beat reporter
WTF Apple and banana Raisins
Hey klose should be the i dont care  who gives a crap. Who cares Ive got apple pie
Please RT interiordesign decoration architecture home LADDA Battery Charger compatible with Apple .
NathanSykes youve made me wanna go pick apples from my garden and make an apple crumble now
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Apple is bringing a billiondollar checkbook to Hollywood and wants to buy 10 TV shows
Slow Cooker Apple Cinnamon Oats Recipe
Whats worse than biting into an apple and finiing a worm Gettong eaten by a giant scorpion.
Caramel Apple Bread
Thats right Tessa is joining the Apple family. They got me lol
I am not a shill I just want to teach you guys about the Apple iPhone
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
none of snsd japanese albums are on apple music 
I tell my girl to try to sell my Apple TV for me  this is what she does 
God gave Eve the whole world apart from one apple and she stilll took it. Dont be surprised if your whole heart isnt enough for people
DealBook Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
As Apple preps for the iPhone 8 wireless charging option seems more likely
This Is How  Apple Pay Cash Will Work in iOS 11  iDrop News
 Apple MFI Certified CadmiumCables 3PCS 3 ft Lightning Cable iPhone 6S 6 5 5S iPad by..
Fitbit Ionic isnt the Apple Watch and thats a good thing for fitness buffs
Fuck Apple
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White WITH OTTER BOX via eBay
GoZwift when will Zwift for Apple TV be available
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
He smashed multiple big macs multiple large fries and like 2 shakes daily just for lunch plus apple pies idk how the fuck he ate that much
Caramel Apple Redbull
yahoo harvest apple lame 2 apples autumn Killarney Calgary
40 of the people that picked Apple juice havent taken apple juice before.. Just a drink with its flavor.
Apple releases iOS11Developerbeta8  PublicBeta7
Please RT interiordesign decoration architecture home LADDA Battery Charger compatible with Apple .
Most developed world gastroenteritis needs no special treatments But even the  apple juice study may over medicalise... DFTB17 
Does RIU streams count if you have Apple Music but its in your library and you not streaming from the top charts section  NMLite
1.5L Red wine  2 cans of Sprites  apple  orange  Home made
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7 PRODUCTRED  128GB  ATT Smartphone
My dog is happy about the Fuji apple price drop
Cramer Why Apple matters more to the market than Hurricane Harvey
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Jet Black Factory Unlocked Smartphone
Does RIU streams count if you have Apple Music but its in your library and you not streaming from the top charts section  NickiData
Amazon and Apple Are Collecting Hurricane Harvey Donations
Cramer Why Apple matters more to the market than Hurricane Harvey  CNBC
Apple  An 800Pound Gorilla That Still Offers Value  Seeking Alpha
I will point your ass in the direction of an Apple Store but thats it.
Apple to Officially Announce iPhone 8 Next Month  Complex
Apple Music took down Julion Alvarez songs
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
Tryna reset my Apple ID password but the page is coming up as forbidden what
Cramer Why Apple matters more to the market than Hurricane Harvey
The organ at the end of Apple Pie
Judge throws out lawsuit aiming to put Apple at fault for texting and driving accidents
 dooonnnt you freaking dare or Ill steal all the apple juice  Glare
PushAwardsMayWards LLS Nobody but YOU Sweet Lola to Apple 
Mini fruit salad in apple bowls I think this is a super cute idea healthyfood fruit salad 
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital
Post ad free  For Sale Apple iPhon...
Apple iPhone 6 64GB Space Gray Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE 8.0MP Smartphone
iOS 11 Beta Files Reference New Apple Watch Workouts for Dancing Bowling Skating and Many More
Apple iMac 27 A1419 Retina 5K Core i5 3.5GHz 1TB Fusion 32GB MF886LLA 2014
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by WesternDigital
These CommunityColleges Want to Help You Be an Apple Developer
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
WSJ Apple Aiming to Use Steve Jobs Theater to Unveil New Products at September 12 Event
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Rachel has a surprisewhat is apple pay
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Apple IPad Pro 128GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 9.7in  Gold Price 600.00 View and Buy ...
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Whats worse than aiting intooan apple and finding a worm Getting eaten by a giant scorpion.
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Apple
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Marketing Lead Greg Joswiak Talks ARKit in New Interview
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility via NYT The New York Times
All I want for Apple Christmas is a deterministic Siri.
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Announces iCloud Drive and Mail Drop Features for OS X Yosemite Mac.
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN
Microsoft in the News  Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Apple now handling Beddit customer support
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Business NYTimes  Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Apple Cider Vinegar smells horrible hey. My entire face smells like dodo
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility 
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
click here
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
FatKidDeals yall have any deals on apple headphones
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Apple will reportedly announce the next iPhone on September 12
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
Just came in   Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NewYorkTimes
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Teepao Replacement Bands for Apple Watch Series 2 and 1 Crystal Rhinestone Diamond Luxury Classic Strap for ... 
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility LoveMarriottRewards RENhotels autograph MRpoints
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT The New York Times
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple iPhone may still come at a discount on ecommerce sites Apple India officials have said that the co
Sonos plans to take on Apple s HomePod 
It Makes No Sense For Apple to Create Original TV Content  Page 2 of 2
Besides baseball  apple pie Americans love to make iniquitous con men really really wealthy.
Apple Dip see full at
Been waiting at the Apple Store for 2 12 hours all to get my phone checked for
Whens apple gonna stop playin around and make a Texas flag emoji
Compare Apple iPhone 7 32GB and Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
Apple is accepting donations through iTunes to aid Harvey storm relief
 THANK YOU MY CINNAMON APPLE 
When is the Apple iPhone Event  Apple AppleSupport
These are the weeks two fermentation experiments both smashing successes... apple beet sauerkraut left and dinokalecallalou kimchi 
iPhone 4 Apocalypse TuffGrip case cover for Apple iPhone 4G  4  Black  Sacred Seal
Notting Hill carnival holds minutes silence for Grenfell apple
Accessory OEM Original Apple Headphones Handsfree Headset with Jack Mic for Apple iPad
Apple scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report
Im late to this but Apple removed the ability to play  select view songs on your iPhone from your watch
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by WesternDigital
Actually you need to upgrade
I undid my idiocy Hope Apple can save your phonelaptopiPadall of the above.
Editors Pick As New Turnaround King Is HP Better Than Apple 
idk Apple warns against frequent timers on their power guidelines. WiFi is high cost sure but not as common maybe
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Apple Music
The Band Perry Essentials by Apple Music Country
My clients bowl of health fruit apple banana avocado monday stockedup healthyliving weightloss feelgood 
Did you reboot WiFi router That normally sorts things out here. Other gotcha is apple s WiFi assist pretending WiFi is on when its not
I NEED AN APPLE WATCH ASAP
It Makes No Sense For Apple to Create Original TV Content  Page 2 of 2
Would appreciate iPhone 8 using the MagSafe charging cord like the MacBook series but then Apple cant charge 30 for chargers...
iCloth wipes are the fastest and easiest way to clean fingerprints dust and dirt from your Apple products.
how can i downgrade i cant download any apps 
The Fitbit Ionic Might Be the Smartwatch That Unseats Apple
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before Sept 1
Apple removes all Iranian apps from its App Store
iPhone 7 Apple 128GB Tela Retina HD de 47 com 3D Touch Touch ID 12MP WiFi 4G LTE e NFC Preto Brilhante
Oh my gosh I need a caramel apple flurry
Apple Asks Users to Fund AltLeft SPLC Group that Targets Conservatives 
Apple event reportedly scheduled for September 12 to debut iPhone 8 iPhone 7s LTE Apple Watch and 4K Apple TV
NYPD Is Ditching Microsoft Windows Phones for Apple s iPhones 
Suit blaming iPhone for students death by texting driver is defeated by Apple 
Earn Free Earhooks and Win A Pair Of Apple AirPods
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree  Martin Luther
 Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility by ANDREW ROSS SORKIN via NYT
I ate the FUCK out of this red apple man it was delicious
Oh just take a look at this hack screen iphone iphoneonly apple ios phone smartphone m ... 
I liked a YouTube video
Lumina Apple Watch Band with Magnetic LockLumina Milanese Style Watch Loop Stainless Steel..
Dayum You had me at Halibut Sriracha grilled apple was pretty Dayum good too The spinach
If they can send out area based alerts on your Apple and Android  Lets work together for a evacuation by area type system.
Im not sure Ive ever been bullied more than just now when an Apple store worker relentlessly harassed me about not using Apple Pay.
Because apple juice is bomb asf
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
My dad just got a free new Apple Watch o my
Apple Inc Cook Timothy D Corporate Social Responsibility Austin Tex via NYT
I have an Apple Watch.. Im close to not carrying a wallet either.
Apple iMac 27 A1419 Retina 5K Core i5 3.5GHz 1TB Fusion 32GB MF886LLA 2014
My apple watch may or may not have slid 40ft down my work parking lot screen down today happymonday
Ramsay Cant Handle Being Served APPLE JUICE Risotto  Hotel Hell
SmartWatch AppleWatch Sport 38mm Space Gray Aluminum Case Black Sport Band MJ2X2LLA
Broadcom At Full Strength With Apple  Barrons
3 Things Im Looking Forward to Most in the Apple iPhone 8 
I WAS EATING AN APPLE AND MY DOG SAW AND SHE LOOKED SO HAPPY I HAD TO GIVE HER SOME  3 
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 64GB Silver on 4GEE Essential 1GB 24 Months contrac...
Big Adams apple 
Si apple may virtual drumset hahahaah
how do you get a play next option on Apple Music
I damn near punched him in his Adams apple . on mommas.
Apple 85w Magsafe 2 Power Adapter for Macbook Pro 13 15 17 Inch A1424 by Apple
In a Gucci sweater my shit finally on Apple Music  lets mf go PoloBoyShawty 
Bought Apple Music just so I can listen to my bbs new album. FROMIVANB 
right Trump supporter Raul Rodriguez Jr. 75 of Apple Valley confronts antiTrump
Wow the Apple Store sucks as a customer.
Go turn up to my boy Cinco Dreezy 2 new singles on Apple Music CincoDreezy LoveHer2 boutit 
An apple for every garden
Why The iPhone 7 Sucks For Everyone Except Apple 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Want a free Lyft home Use Lyft code ZOOT  Best drink Apple Kneel
eshoppersdeals Deal iPad Pro 10.5 is 100 off at Best Buy Apple s 10.5inch iPad Pro was
Fitbit Ionic A 300 Apple Watch competitor ships in October
Why Iowa is giving Apple 208 million for a project that will create 50 fulltime jobs
Tooo much shit happened at these tables. Julia getting hit with an apple
Carmel Apple Cobbler is a great dish on a cool day.
Blueberry...didnt I give you my last apple 
Kevin for HOHPaul outed  on the blockgoes for an apple  gets the bounty on his head  loses POV. Make it happen God and Universe BB19 
Display Release on apple CAST
tvOS 11 developer beta 8 for Apple TV now available
When Apple Care wont cover water damage so you take matters into your own hands 
Beware Google Play Store gets caught distributing malware
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
She was introduce in LA LUNA SANGRE AS APPLE THE SISTER OF tristan yes po kapatid sya ni DANNIEL BOX OFFICE KING inggit PushAwardsMayWards 
Apple Pie Sugar Scrub Recipe
I Didnt Buy It I Just Added To My Playlist I Got Apple Music
Apple Pie Sugar Scrub Recipe
I think Jim Beam apple is my new fav
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
I got pizza for dinner tonight. I shouldve just bought an apple pie.
I loveee Samsung but Apple is more beautiful
Whats Going On Vinyl by Apple
Insider Buying Apple Hospitality REIT Inc.  APLE Director Acquires 5000 Shares of Stock
HUG A TALK RADIO HOST  Get the Apple or Android APP
Dont have the villain eating an apple  there are so many other kinds of foods. Id rather seeing them eating funnel cake at this point
Im eating an apple rn and holy fuck is it good
Apple
I want apple pay in Brazil AppleSupport timcook Apple
I dont believe...making apple sauce out of your sense of humor would halt its direction...
please bring this to Apple News
Apple previews ARKit apps Google debuts ARCore Its all about business developers A...
The voice dictation on Apple watch needs some serious work. Over the last 24 hours replaced copy with wallet thanks with banks.
I need a apple cranberry juice but I do not feel like walking to the store
Smaller apple crops elsewhere may benefit Washington marketers  CapitalPress 
Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal  MarketWatch
APPLE MC207C2D4250 Refurbished 13 MacBookR
What you know about this game changer.... ipod classics cordsapple vintageapple
Oh nice I hate those chips they smell like farts... Im just eating my apple and coffee. 
Apple MacBook Pro MJLQ2LLA 15.4Inch Laptop with Retina Display
Go back to apple chris it rox xx
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Ive deleted your number but almighty Apple wants to come with Maybe...... APPLE DID I ASK YOU
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Seeing this in my podcast too... think its based on file size. Larger size files are overinflated by Apple
NDSU alumni buy Wisconsin apple orchard to live out dream
Insider Buying Apple Hospitality REIT Inc.  APLE Director Acquires 5000 Shares of Stock
Nantucket Nectars has the best apple juice Ive ever had and Ive had a lot of apple juice in my 24 years of living.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone win 
Can someone please invent a computer built on top of the Linux kernel so I dont have to put up with Apple s bullshit anymore
Real stock in Google or Apple RT CrookedIntriago  Somebody won that 759mil lottery huh What would cont
Eating an apple AMA
You clearly dont know bc you be drinking apple flavored drinks.
I made three dolls with clay . art artwork study technology twitter apple iphone7plus applewatchseries2 siri thanks  
In 1997 Microsoft saved Apple from bankruptcy by investing 150 million into the company
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone via eBay
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps. Read more
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps. Read more
Im vegan throw that apple back
Apple has set its annual iPhone event for September 12 2017. What are you most excited to see The design iOS 11 amoled screen camera 
iZapp Lightning to USB Keychain Cable for Apple iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus 5 5S
If you need a job and have great customer service skills and you like Apple let me know I might be able to get you a jobbbbbbb
iPad news Apple  Accenture Collaborating on Enterprise Apps for iPhone iPad
I got 3 ice creams 1 cranberry juice 1 cherry berry juice 1 apple Snapple 1 peach tea Snapple and some French onion soup
I dont think anyone noticed but Apple and Samsung destroyed the Japanese tourist stereotype.
Google to add AR to 100 million Android phones in battle with Apple ARCore
my sisters and i dont really fight until we only had one apple charger
EXACTLY Im up here using SoundCloud Apple Music and Tidal and then I still have to take my ass on YouTube just to hear certain songs
i just saw a groundhog eating an apple and it looked so happy
Apple definitely hasnt given up on underscreen fingerprint sensors
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Siris integration w A...
I liked a YouTube video
Apple dmerde
Apple out here making power moves 
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 16GB Apple
MidAtlanticConsulting macOS Use Keyboard Shortcuts in Apple Notes. Read Blog
13 MacBook air with core i7 2.2ghz 8Gb ram and 256ssd only 799 macstarcomputers PicOfTheDay Apple MacBook 
Insider Buying Apple Hospitality REIT Inc.  APLE Director Acquires 5000 Shares of Stock
forbes headlines New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Biggest Gamble Yet If the new iPhone
Apple for sure Terry
broke down and got me an apple watch hope its worth the money
Really wish I could charge my phone and listen to music at the same time...but no Apple had to get rid of the Audio Jack.
Google Unveils ARCore Its Answer To Apple s ARKit
Check this out Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines 
Very happy to see Londons bubbling jazz community make its mark on the Bad Apple ...
So I dont think Apple realise that at midnight it is a new day 
Apple definitely hasnt given up on underscreen fingerprint sensors
New Apple iPhone SE 32GB Rose Gold Factory Unlocked A1662 ATT TMobile Verizon
apple fritters are my current preworkouts lol.
How much of his recent 89M will he donate to HarveyFlood ppl Personality think Apple shld reinvent edu in Chicago as bases.
The top hip hop music on Apple is absolute trash
Teslas Autopilot 2.0 Is Looking Like A Flop APPLE AAPL GOOG GOOGL MBLY TSLA  AAPL
Teslas Autopilot 2.0 Is Looking Like A Flop
I want a Fitbit more than an Apple watch tbh
Crown Apple  Apple Juice  ginger ale 
CBSBigBrother CBS Apple Help The big brother season pass episodes on iTunes do not have audio please fix it bigbrotherobsessed
I spent 51 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
MidAtlanticConsulting TechCrunch is reporting that Apple s September 12 event is nearly l... Read Blog
Anyone know when Apple will be accepting swift 4 apps to the app store cc AppleSupport
Gotta do my Indian healing clay and apple cider vinegar mask tonight
App store hacked APPLE ID with lots of paid apps  games no jailbreak for iPhone iPad iPod 2017
check out 3KMT Takeover Mixtape
Roku is going to rise up and end the human race but in its defense it does have a much nicer Netflix user interface than Apple TV.
Only 1 hour left until the Cyrus Familys episode of CarpoolKaraoke airs exclusively on Apple Music 
2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple 
Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11  The Mac Observer
Cute Pattern Leather Armor Magnetic Wallet Case Cover For Apple iPhone 5 Brown
Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines
I trashed my phone and pad cause they had android a google product went out and bought an Apple iPhone and iPad . Cause think different
HDTalk Best Siri commands you need to know
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Charge him for the damage youve got his nuBer apple
Handmade Apple Watch Strap Apple Watch Band Calf Leather with Adapter 38mm 42mm  Scale
The top 10 books on Apple s iBooksUS
Apple Pie Maria Im Drunk obviously and 3500
pkafka  a 4K section in the TV app of Apple TV  with Netflix Amazon and Hulu content  might spur others to get on board.
Why isnt lemonade available on Apple Music 
Yesenia Mendez charged by AlamedaCountyDA wresisting arrest  assault for hurling apple at cop  using dog as defense per berkeleypolice 
I know people say there are few bad apples among them .. but after using an Apple phone I know now that there more than justa a few
Check out Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3  2013 For parts
Apple might reveal their iPhone 8 Sept 12 and Im excited afffff
Apple continues to push in the enterprise. First IBM now Accenture.
Apple will probably unveil the iPhone 8 on September 12 per report  Apple s autumn keynote might eventually...
yeah we aint on that Ill get vanilla you get apple  we gone make some shake with that
Check out Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3  2013 For parts
She was introduce in LA LUNA SANGRE AS APPLE THE SISTER OF tristan yes po kapatid sya ni DANNIEL BOX OFFICE KING inggit PushAwardsMayWards 
on the phone with Apple Support Apple  Well are you on the phone right now Us IDK ARE YOU
Gummy green apple rings are waiting here for you but hurry Menlo Park Mall closes at 930 
If this town is just an apple then let me take a bite
Ok Apple Music Dropping that mix early this week
still one of the best reads on PR strategy  Seeing Through the Illusion Understanding Apple s Mastery of the Media
Check out U546 1964 5c FDI Red Apple Resources
i be forgetting i got an Apple Watch them shits lit asf
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone via eBay
To clarify I bought an extra pair that just arrived. DM if u wanna buy them at cost from me instead of waiting 4 weeks for apple
How Will Your TV Work With Apple s new 4KUHDHDR Apple TV
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps...
Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11  The Mac Observer
Deal  AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable 5.29
When our Apple Pie meets shakeshack AND donates 5 to austinhumane  you do it for the cause. 
Apple iPhone 8 to launch on September 12 Rumours release date and everything you need to know  The Indian Express
SEAGULL SUMMER is FREE for your Apple device
Visualize U dream home design w LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Apple Bondi just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
USA TodayTech Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal . More Apple iPhone news 
Thats really weird bro. I dont have apple products so im not sure how to delete an app. But try that and redownload
New Augmented Reality Resources Now Available
tech2s Apple has determined to lastly abandon Ultimate Lower Professional 7 ......For More
Everytime I preorder an album on Apple Music when it finally drops it wont let me download it to my phone.
fairy tail always got good opening themes thats it LOL
9 2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple iPhone 6
Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11
Apple ARKit will change our iPhone apps forever  Mashable
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration...
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility via nytimes
Eid alAdha Special Discount Sales We are giving out Apple Macb ... games mobilesaccessories 3Dprinters 
Had apple pie and banana bread for dinner today livingmybestlife 
Theres not much I love more in this life than apple juice
Apple s iPhone event set for September 12 firm nearing completion of Steve Jobs Theater. Read more
Apple s iPhone event set for September 12 firm nearing completion of Steve Jobs Theater. Read more
Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines
Apple s new phone makes their current phone look like an antique in comparison by looking more like any number of...
Apple Cranberry Almond Coleslaw  fresh flavorful and crunchy 
Seriously rethinking any further purchases of Apple products. Uberliberal CEO Tim Cook continues to support the repressive Fascists SPLC
ITS ALMOST APPLE SEASON
Yeah Apple Juice is superior
Apple EarPods with Remote and Mic Certified Refurbished
Check out my new post Apple s long game in enterprise business Apple
Apple EarPods with Remote and Mic Certified Refurbished
Apple s Tim Cook gets 89 million stock payout  CNN Money
Apple Slickdeals
Google ARCore Androids equivalent of Apple ARKit explained
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
The new Apple Store now has arrows on it. 
Organic kale red or orange bell pepper  garlic  lemon juice olive oil apple cider vinegar cayenne pepper and sea salt. Yum
Dont forget to catch MileyCyrus and billyraycyrus on the new CarpoolKaraoke tonight at 9 on Apple Music.
DIY Apple Tree Magnet Fingerprint Art Kids Will Love
New video alert  TiaraNicole Follow her for more music  Love this song  apple 
PSA apple strawberry Raisin Bran Crunch is the best cereal ever made
im done with your bs apple
We have New York cherry cobbler blueberry apple  and coconut key lime
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps...
Well...the only input I recieved re which GFuelEnergy flavor to purchase next pay day were 2 for Green Apple and 1 for Blood Orange...
Good to have you back apple pip
Heres how peertopeer Apple Pay payments will work
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore
I MEANT APPLE EARPHONES
Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines
Google s answer to Apple s ARKit an AR development platform called ARCore.Releasing a preview for ARCore to Android developers today.
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast    TechCrunch... 
Retweeted Because Im a Guy  CauseWereGuys  When Apple Care wont cover water damage so you take matters into...
Weekly Rewind Apple AR goggles Fiskers Tesla killer tiny robot surgeons
You couldve taken this whole article  swapped out  Apple  or Google in place of Amazon.
i redid it bc a apple and b tomoes hand looked awkward bc it came outta nowhere
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
My iPhone headphone connection piece is the Apple Store the only place that sells that
Apple cider vinegar can help with bug bites.
Smart Folio Case Cover for Apple iPad Pro 9.7 for iPad Air2 Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard w Folios Cover Luxury ... 
One time for the garage acoustics lol. Used 2 ft. Jae Ali  iamjaeali  is now on Tidal SoundCloud Google Play Apple Music and more 
No you would say. I guess there is a lot apple in your orange.
Definitely trying to get some apple doughnuts this week
iphone Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone
Watch the latest from University of Wyoming Extension as a followup to our blog post on heritage apple orchards...
Im just bitter that people roast on me for drinking apple juice all the time
look at my little apple pie 
Fake news she got off the helicopter in sneakers and a flotus hat. Of course Liberal Apple and Liberal Vanity Fair work together to lie
Who tryna hook a young nigga up with some apple juice
Boneyard Apple Iphone 6S 32gb Space Gray VERIZON  Unlocked BAD IMI POSSIBLY TRUSTED SELLER BRAND NEW 
I feel like if Im going to pay for Apple Music that bitch needs to have every single album and every single damn song on there. apple
Probably going to lie just like his father apple doesnt fall from the tree
Apple device Private Browsing Mode on Safari is pretty great. I dont think my parents have checked my phone and ipad in years but still
its really taking us like 3 years to do apple music
Shoulda thrown it right at his Adams apple
Im hoping Kevin picks an apple and gets a reward like 2 vetos
gives an apple instead
in mcdonalds. in hawaii. they have a guava pie instead of apple
Apple Spars With Movie Studios Over Pricing Ahead of Apple TV Rollout
I got the crown apple ready but Im tryna go for some different.
I hope my invitation for Apple s event is on its way in the mail
Apple OFFICIAL iPhone 8 Video 2017
As long as Netflix is the leader in streaming and Apple doesnt give added value in TV for publishers or viewers I dont see that changing
jordanbpeterson My warning story shared with my friend Yaron about Google Apple  Twitter
Apple iPhone 4s  16GB  White Cell Phone Smartphone  Unlocked w White iFace
When you spring for an Apple Music subscription  never have to worry about running out of skips again 
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Keep Your Apple Id Rather Have Wine  S... by Lone Star Kit....
Google unveils ARCore its answer to Apple s ARKit
From Apple to Metal Sid Parihar leads UX Design via rCryptoCurrency
can apple stop telling me to ask siri stuff i already know how she works let me live damn
Aetna scoops up rising star from WalMarts health group to lead Apple Watch partnership  CNBC
Apple thinking that they can charge 30 for a 4K movie when people still havent turned off the motion smoothing on their current model lmao
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
And dump Sanchez. Talk about a bad apple . hes insufferable as some might say.
New trending GIF tagged hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via Giphy
OMG Red Delicious absolutely is the liar apple and thats how I will think of it from this day forward.
Its gonna be writing and acting in a short film The Apple 
New trending GIF on GIPHY
And 3 x the holidays in same period as well. More golf more breaks than Obama. Apple with apples. Trump is a bludger compared to Barack. 
Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal
 Apple cider is so bizarre... maddiedash27  Huh
Music Christ the Apple Tree. Not religious but the choir is beautiful. 219 Just Posted RT 
I think 100000 Is not very much from company whose founder is richest person in US. Apple pledged 2 million
PSA Apple has made donating v easy  just one click on iTunes HopeForHouston TexasForever 
Might have to buy an Apple Divider.
Google unveils ARCore its answer to Apple s ARKit
Apple taking care of its employees 
New trending GIF tagged hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via Giphy
http BuzzFeatured.com  hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy 
hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy
http ChatWithWords.com Room Ideas hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy 
Please RT iphone ipad mac Classic and Modern Buckle Band Parts Let ThirdParty Bands Connect to Apple ...
Please RT iphone ipad mac ExCIA director Apple generally in the right on encryption FBI not...
OH NO APPLE IS THE NEW ALBUM NUMBER 5 IS A CLASSIC JAM DUDE.
not signing him 100 conte doesnt want another rotten apple
Will Apple be open enough to explain this Or will they continue to discriminate against conservatives and Christians just bc they can
Why doesnt cc white have a star on Apple Music the messge is brazy like... Wale
Hybrid Shockproof Clear Rubber Bumper Hard Case Cover For Apple iPhone 5s Gold
I had one and it broke w in a year. I def like my Apple Watch soooooo much more
Girl you better drink some apple cider vinegar
Gold Apple Earbuds Bracelet
Apple didnt fall far from the tree did it
4 New Devices to Be Revealed at Apple s Sept. 12th Event
Accenture joins IBM Deloitte in Apple s enterprise club
checks Apple cash on hand Yeah. You can afford to pay people in a country with environmental  worker protections.
This is great news
Apple will be holding a product launch for the iPhone8 on Sept 12
hello  hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via Giphy
Waited at the Apple store for an hour before being assisted. Then was told they couldnt fix my MacBook. verydisappointed
Apple s grand iPhone launch on 12 September is companys most important in years  The i newspaper online iNews
Isis recruitment music plays 29817Linda Sarsour puts a Jihad on Apple . 30817 Apple shuts down due to influx of Arab hate speech
ahahahaha dont ask why i looked this up but i love how jewish apple cake is the second option BenSPLATT jews 
Cause youre the apple to my pie. Youre the straw to my berry
It is totally bizarre that you spend so much on an iPhone but Apple can neverrrrrr see you as a walk in for repairs
Lets go for global reach iphone iphone8 launch apple leak
Just bought an apple cinnamon candle and lit it up. Who says you cant enjoy fall in August
DPop feat. Thugga Fuk  Single Toy Boy Smitty HipHopRap Listen On Apple Music
Check out 2014 GREAT MacBook Air A1466 11 4GB 128GB SSD MD711LLA LOTS EXTRAS OFFICE 2016 Apple
Amber said  Apple should just put nigga in they phone vocab so it pop up on the phone automatic Dre said hell nah the creators white
The Manhattan Transfer Next Steps by Apple Music Jazz
Apple Music did a sweep
Any green apple type shit I dont want it
Remember that time apple SteveJobs designed a racing porsche livery Signed by the team owner
Had a problem with my Mac trackpad. Apple wanted 500 for the fix but no. Took it home beat itstepped on it  now its working great.
BRAND NEW IN BOX  Apple iPhone SE  32GB  Gold Verizon APPLE WARRANTY via eBay
iPhone 6S Plus Screen Protector Tech Armor Apple iPhone 6 Plus HD Clear Screen Protectors ..
Apple Shares New Augmented Reality Resources for Developers  Mac Rumors
The NBC app on Apple TV Im dying over how different it was
Book Art Bitten Apple  3D apple  Bitten Apple  Personalized Apple  Red A
DOH SAVE THE PLANET apple finally the nobrainer  packaging earpods in paper instead of
Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal  AAPL  DIA
tell they felt sorry for me. Offering me an apple cover in caramel with nuts. I never seen something like that before. It is to help my
32GB 8X4GB MA356LLA A1186 APPLE MAC PRO 2006 1.1 2007 2.1 MEMORY BuyNOW 49 deal ebay server RAM
Quick Bites Deadline looming for apple pie contest
Insecure and crown apple
Maria im drunk. Apple pie. Pray for love.
Love this Apple Watch
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  MJ
I know. Its awful how they selflessly gave up some yogurt and apple sauce. Fucking savages right
Ok baby.. smiles hearing this. Nods and laughs when you kiss me. My lips covered in apple juice. Mmm
Upcoming Requirement for Promoted InApp Purchases
I need green apple smirn off asap
so to apple for find my friends 
I wish Apple Music had Teyana Taylors The cassette tape 1994 on there
Check out Refurbished Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone Apple Bar
All of them offering everyone in . America an . Apple from Eden . 
Travis Scott  Apple pie
try mo san mig apple hehe
Cran Apple  brown liquor go so well together.
Why did I not get Apple Music forever ago
Its costs no more to have better programming AppleSupport Apple 4 iPhones now have been hacked cone on your supposed to be the best V2K
Have about 10 Apple Pumpkin candles lit here. Fire Hazard probably Fall like absolutely.
FUCKOFF apple I dont want BEDTIME shoved in my face. FUCK YOU YOU FAIIL fuck fuck fuck OFF
The app doesnt work on Apple TV. Getting a 0066 error been like this for weeks
Is it just me or do people wearing wireless Apple earbuds look like they have little white earboogers hanging out of their ears
Offering Apple Carplay Audio Acoustics Certification Testing P.1100 P.1110 Tue Aug 29 164930 2017
So I thought Apple Music made a fire ass rb playlist. Come to found out its the songs I love mix lol. I was wondering why every song was
I saved a YouTube playlist
What is Apple doing In both situations I didnt have the other persons number and it came up as maybe 
Niggas Get A Apple Watch And Start Moving Like Ben 10
News Reality Apple Unleashes AR Backed by The Walking Dead Ikea A Very Hungry
So I was exploring the country genre on Apple Music and I actually found a beautiful song...
This is 8. Coming out September 12... iPhone8 Apple  AAPL 
I want an Apple Watch
Get off the Apple roller coaster come to the bright side the Android side. Theres no upgrading anymore. 
That bacon lard and cheese combo made me start smoking my own fenugreek leaf infused pork belly over apple wood.
I just love sound of this apple cider Margarita created by azuniatequila Head over to their
The Apple does not fall far away from the tree
Literally me today when Apple told me it was 136 to replace my screen
Weekly Rewind Apple AR goggles Fiskers Tesla killer tiny robot surgeons
Just tried a teaspoon of apple cider vinegar and i rather gain 20 pounds
Apple iPhone 6 Plus a1522 16GB Smartphone for ATT Gold Silver or Gray
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Mini 4 128GB Space Grey at 634.00 on O2 4G Mobile Broadba...
My Apple Music free trial finally ended and I dont know if I should keep paying it or get Spotify instead
We posted about Apple s ARKit a little while ago. This technology could be game changer in the smart device industry
 AAPL Should you buy Apple stock ahead of the iPhone 8 OUR 1 PICK  AMTY Lee Iacoccas MOST UNDERVALUED stock EVER
You make me sad I need to havk your Apple Music and download some tings for you
Intel announces processors that will likely go into iMac Pro via r apple
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps via r apple
Twilight sparkle pinkie pie rarity Fluttershy Apple Jack. Theres one more.. Oh yeah the best one Me of course  RainbowBot
Apple iWatch AppleWatch Series 2 38mm Aluminum Case Pink Sport Band  MNNY2LLA
Mixtapes are finally on Apple Music dope
SmartWatch AppleWatch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP022LLA
i only know dogs cats apple red
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration by via AppleInsider  Frontpage News
Healthy Apple Mint Smoothie
Sassy loved being shop dog while her mom stocked up on duck and cranberry jerky and chicken and apple wafers unle 
Nice Im going to try the green apple later. Meanwhile kid keeps sniffing my tea.
Y do AI assts have female names is it to subconsciously reinforce that women R order takers Apple amazon Microsoft curious feminist
4K Movies on the New Apple TV Will Probably Cost Way Too Much
Yassss the apple doesnt fall far from the tree Mema is obsessed with RBD 
BRAND NEW IN BOX  Apple iPhone SE  32GB  Gold Verizon APPLE WARRANTY via eBay
Nike 42mm Apple Watch Series 2 in Boca Raton  letgo
8 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
BRAND NEW IN BOX  Apple iPhone SE  32GB  Gold Verizon APPLE WARRANTY win 
Iowas handout to Apple illustrates the folly of corporate welfare deals  Los Angeles Times
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 32GB Black at 44.99 on 4GEE Max 7GB 24 Months cont...
Apple shares detailed Human Interface Guidelines for developers building ARKit apps Chance Miller9 to 5 Mac
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Siris integration w Apple TV Chance Miller9 to 5 Mac
I ran out of money on my iTunes account so I had to cancel my Apple Music 
I leave a long trail of apps in my wake but Apple Notes is pretty good now.
Healthy broccoli apple salad 
Hi SN Im locked out of my apple  had my bag  devices stolen  2 step verification needs my debit card details that I previously regd
Can someone make a sex playlist on Apple Music for me please lol Im too lazy
Stay with apple  but dont get the 7 yet cuz they are announcing the new iPhone on the 9th I think so the 7 will be cheaper
I would love to walk to an Apple Store and do this
Apple Caramel French Toast Overnight Bake Recipe on Having Fun Saving and Cooking
i need an apple watch  a macbook then a new ipad
Tweeting at an Apple Store at this very moment
Apple Willow Grove Park just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Weekly Rewind Apple AR goggles Fiskers Tesla killer tiny robot surgeons
Apple this auto brightness shit is for the birds. Give me my switch back
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  16GB  Rose Gold ATT Used aesthetic tumblr 
Apple Spars With Movie Studios Over Pricing Ahead of Apple TV Rollout  WSJ
Tim Cook vuelve a vender acciones de Apple
When Microsoft saved Apple  Eliminating competition isnt the only way to win
http ift.tt2xL5mVg Envia con NSI CARGO
Apple isnt good
Enjoying apple picking in Connecticut at AverillFarm and meeting Ms. Susan 
Sling fyi sling does not work with apple tv gen 4 OS 11 beta.
Interesante lectura. Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Well done Timmy. Is Capita now going to run Apple UK as well
Cinnamon Apple Cider Doughnuts
Every time Ive been to an Apple Store Ive had a good experience. If it aint broke dont fix it.
Were watching scooby doo movies and drinking apple cider sangria. Fall started early in Inwood
Apple iPhone 6  Unlocked Space GrayGray by Apple
Hear whats coming next in Apple and Cisco partnership in Networking Collaboration and Security solutions. iOS11
dude just bake an actual apple pie  eat that. with full fat milk. boom.
Xbox one S  PS4 Pro  150 iPhone 7  275 128g Apple Watches  150 MacBook Pro  400 Yeezys  350 DM for more product
I ran a CV writing company which landed people jobs at places like Apple and Accenture. If anyone needs help just tweet me
New Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Black Factory Unlocked
Hot New Releases Watch Bands for Woman 6 Apple Watch Strap 42mm and 38mm SW12 Stainless Steel Replacemen
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Biggest Gamble Yet
More Mets than Mr. Met sitting on thd home run apple .
Apple ARKit will change our iPhone apps forever
Why Apple Inc. Wont Ever Release an iPhone Pro
Circles completed apple applewatch watches black Santiago Chile
Random GIF
I was in apple for 4 hours yesterday
i figured out how to download his unreleased songs onto my apple music and am now so happy you have no idea 
Apple accepts.
Apple pie just came out tho
TechCrunch is reporting that Apple s September 12 event is nearly locked in. Read more
TechCrunch is reporting that Apple s September 12 event is nearly locked in. Read more
i need apple music wtf
Just throw the whole apple away
http dld.bzfdT6N Macintosh Apple Hobnail Jar Candle Deals love giftspiration RT FOLLOW 
Omg apple oatmeal is so good
Apple of my Eye is my shit Salute TheU
Apple covers more enterprise bases teams up with Accenture
DIRECTVNowHelp directvnow when is CBS going to be available to stream on Apple TV
I hardly use my Apple Watch and now that I wanna start using it its missing lol
Apple Music
New Apple iPhone 7 Plus Product Red 128GB Factory Unlocked
RT NewAppleAwards Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before Sept 1
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
How so lol. Most at the bottom is just added workout lists from Apple Music.
Apple IPhone 6s65s 128GB Gold Space Gray Rose Factory UNLOCKED TMobile Verizon Price 299.99 View ...
What you want to minimize the number of degrees of freedom the testing of the device. You want to compare pear with pear not apple  orange
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I dont want your apple pie mama
yes I know what productRED is but like the  Apple exclusive colour thing is weird considering that RED stuff is everywhere 
When Apple Care wont cover water damage so you take matters into your own hands 
Got a new Apple Watch today .. you know just thought Id get another device to receive no notifications on .
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Check out 2014 GREAT MACBOOK AIR 11 Core i5 4GB 128GB SSD WLOTS EXTRAS OFFICE 2016 Apple
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
Apple says the Mac Mini is important but it hasnt received an update in three years
Heading to apple butter territory. We just made some last week. Keep going to the peanut butter consistency. Youll love it.
Apple iPhone event set for September 12th
Canning apple pie filling this evening.
Hot Fireball Apple Cider scheduled via
Apple definitely hasnt given up on underscreen fingerprint sensors
So does Apple post the security reviews of betas Im really worried.
sale Apple Macintosh Performa 200 M4150 Computer  19.99 0 Bids End Date Tuesday Aug292017 184953 PDT ...
Check out Apple MacBook Air 13.3Inch Laptop Intel Core i5 1.6GHz 128GB Flash 8GB RAM Apple
Hi Jolina Margorie many thanks Follow The Cloud cloudunlock cloudunlocker apple samsung iphone icloud
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 Desktop with 4K Retina Display 3.4Ghz MNE02LLA  June
Smh. Get Apple Music or Tidal.
RT NewAppleAwards Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before Sept 1
London Mac Repair Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV
MarkHolton Look out for Mike Leach in Pullman lurking. Snyder at the Little Apple has a lot returning too.
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  MJ
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  MJ
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  MJ
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before Sept 1
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Discover  try on hotlist LookRev jewelry LookRev jewelry Apple 
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Biggest Gamble Yet
OMG there is an apple tv remote app for iPhone
RT petepachal  Apple has finally scheduled the day it will unveil the iPhone 8 says report
stupid Apple
Will Apple AAPL Unveil iPhone 8 at its September Event  Nasdaq
GetEmoji Apple make a Texas flag emoji I wanna rep my country
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 16GB Apple
Beware of this Apple ID email Scam floating around. It looks pretty official. They even created a fake Apple site.
I kinda like android but not really. Please respect what I think about Apple .
Apple s September 12 keynote has been all but confirmed. Read more
Apple s September 12 keynote has been all but confirmed. Read more
apple of my EYE
I hacked a PKM system into outlinely and a day later Things 3 came out and I switched back to Things. W Apple Notes
Download the FREE tunedin APP right now to listen to laurenreilive on all Apple  Android and Windows products Search Wooderice radio 
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps.
Apple and Accenture partner to create iOS business solutions
It wasnt being sexist at all. Look at the color options Apple made. specifically more tones that arent Black and Brown.
This Apple lowkey taste like cardboard
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration.
Drone Guarder Inc. Announces Final App Development for Apple App Stores and Google
Originally named New Amsterdam by the Dutch and later renamed New York by the Duke of York its also commonly known as the Big Apple .
Just realised I woke up to the sound of flying geese today  was way better than anything my phone is offering. apple Ive got an idea 
ah so you are getting them from what i herd on them they sound pretty cool.
why  Its very clear cant use the card on Apple Pay first until Ive already used it made a payment. welcometo1980
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps.
bro this may sound weird but there is a tech company called apple . Buy as many stocks as you can as quick as you can
Apple stores in Nebraska and Pennsylvania reopening this weekend.
What Fitbit needs to do to make a great Smartwatch in 2017  Apple Apple Watch FitnessWatch Tech 
Jolina Margorie for the follow CLOUDUNLOCK Check Out Apple iCloud iPhone  AAPL for unlock code
sarastipsypie maple bacon Irish apple So so yummy 
Amazon Prime Video Apple TV app may not be ready for September launch.
So true I got one saying hes you and he wants a apple prepaid card
I wonder if krystalball owns an iPhone or other Apple products Or does she abstain based on her moral uprightness unfilteredse
Also Apple is in general way better then android to soe people. And again the opposite. I respect what you guys think about android and
The latest The The Nigerian Engine Daily
New 18core Intel Xeon W processors likely to be used in Apple s iMac Pro.
An apple .
Apple adds support for WeChat Pay in China.
Our apologies for the confusion. Using Apple Pay through our app is for online purchases only. Hope this helps
 Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
why isnt Slime Season 2 on Apple Music
Elgato outs five new Apple HomeKitready accessories including door lock  smoke detector u.
Rise Again  Single by Control the Chaos on Apple Music
Apple gets further toehold in big business with iOSfocused Accenture enterprise partnership.
Ready for fall  Apple hill  scarfs  cute fall colors come on now
Apple fighting movie studios to keep 4K films priced at 20 on iTunes.
Look Apple absolutely makes nice hardware a lot of the time but I super do not see how they are always touted as leading the way.
Apple Watch
New Single by Frank Ocean on Apple Music
AppleWatch Fitbit Introduces Ionic Smartwatch in Bid to Compete With Apple Watch  JCK
Learn how to make a Feature Worthy GameApp RisingHigh Academy
Haaaa just get an Apple Watch my g.
Pokemon Go no Apple Watch
Apple patents subdisplay fingerprint recognition technology based on acoustic imaging.
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
In the mean time at Apple Customer Service HQ timcook Applesupport Apple customerservice AppleEvent AppleInsider AppleTV 
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore 
Top story Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps  Aug. 29 2017
Apple s Cook collects nearly 90M in vested RSUs on strong stock performance.
Apple and Accenture partner to create business solutions
Apple CEO Tim Cook says tech business has moral responsibility to contribute to society.
When I pay 14.99 a month for a family Apple Music plan so all my friends can use it even though I could be paying 4.99 for just me
Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone Space Grey Certified Refurbi
CEOs of AmericaMarc LoreWalmart236896191.00. Tim Cook Apple 150036907.00. Sudar PichaiGoogle106502419.00.
I need a Apple Watch
Cloud startup founded by former Apple executives acquired by Western Digital.
Companies will be able to use Accenture and Apple s combined expertise to create digital transformation solutions.
Apple now handling Beddit customer support.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy Dont you LOVE this 
Watch The best tvOS 11 features coming to Apple TV this fall.
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
The indie pop playlist from Apple Music
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 16GB Apple
Looney if you were talking to me then this is what I have to say apple is good in one field that android is weak in. And the opposite.
howiemandel Cuz of Little Monsters I have a hard time trusting apple juice bottles. AGT 
yo fr tho apple crown royal got my mf heart
DJSupah is live on Dizz Radio PlugMusicRadio get the app in your app stores apple
New Beats Neighborhood Collection headphone earphone colors available at Apple Retail Target.
Ive been waiting for an hour and a half for apple support in the Eaton Centre and Im ready to murder something
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Apple takes over Beddit sleep tracking customer support following acquisition
Apple wants to sell 4K movies for 20 on iTunes but Hollywood is pushing back
 when you want a apple watch and you have enough money to buy it but ... priorities
Chelan Business Center 131 South Apple Blossom Dr. A few commercial spaces still avaiable Call 5096823100 for more information. 
How Apple Fans Are Feeling Now
Stay with Apple
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
tech2s Apple and Accenture teaming as much as assist enterprises construct superior mobility ... ......For More
LITechNews  Uber Ends Its Controversial PostRide Tracking Of Users Location Airport Android Apple
Apple iPod touch 6th Generation Space Gray 32 GB Price 139.99 View and Buy this item ... DigitalCamera
The internet at the Apple Store is ridiculous
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
See how Apple will erase the line between reality and your iPhone. Read more
See how Apple will erase the line between reality and your iPhone. Read more
IKEA See how Apple will erase the line between reality and your iPhone. Read more
we also add apple cider vinegar here
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Siris integration w Apple TV
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Theres also the Apple TV which was touted as the video game console killer the DVR killer and the Android streaming box killer.
Know what they used to call Heirloom Apple Season before factory farming APPLE SEASON
Same. Take a fucking Apple Watch too.
Apple  Accenture Partner to Create iOS Business Solutions
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility
Then...probably this will be the only time i actually pray and pray a lot...chuckles softly as i look up kissing the juicy apple lips
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
I liked a YouTube video
Apple donated to SPLC and ADL for instance 
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Oh my god my iPhone is very hot beta7 apple iphone5s
wow my apple air pods are already preparing for shippment. Awesome
Nuevo Gif hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via Giphy
And what did he say that was about him Youre being left behind into irrelevance.
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast   via CrunchGear
Madonna WANT SOME PINE APPLE JUICE LOL 
i have a 9.7 ipad pro an apple pencil and the procreate app 0
Wtf MiraMar college doesnt give student emails and now I cant get my Apple Music half off
Two iPhone advantage the upgrades to Apple Pay and AR tech upcoming in 11.
I THROW AN APPLE AT SPLATOON IS THE WORST GAME OF ALL TIME
Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11
But I guess if you want you can credit them for next big things that went nowhere like the Apple Watch that everyones already forgotten.
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
im scared to listen to 2008 taylor swift with my free apple music..she might sue me
Apple Apple plz fix this shit.
Apple CEO Cook optimistic about UKs future after Brexit BBC
Im learning all about Apple Music at Influenster  httpswww.twitter.comApple
apple
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices 
SDCountyLibrary Are you aware that your iOS app will not work in Apple s iOS 11 update
Fabric Frame Cover Photo Album 200 Pockets Hold 4x6 Photos Apple Red by Pioneer Photo Albums
Sos need apple juice
New Freddie Gibbs album on Apple Music holy shit Yes
Apple ARKit is about to transform the App Store in the most awesome way 
Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
Learn how to build Feature Worthy GameApps RisingHigh Academy
GTlive Me Watching the stream and cries DAMNIT People Are you crying Me NO... um.. Looks at my apple that was in a onion boxDIS
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Air fryer baked apple with an oatmeal crumb topping and Greek vanilla yogurt.
Why Apple s Next Product Launch Will Be Its Biggest in Years
And when they do show up late the tech has usually matured quite a bit and Apple puts a glossy sheen on it and charges twice as much.
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Many Thanks to TATechArmor for the Apple Event Survival Kit 
Apple Cinnamon Raisin French Toast Bake on Having Fun Saving and Cooking
You finish a fancy meeting in an office shake hands. Do you mind if i take an apple  Theyre fake. STILL SUPERIOR TO RED DELICIOUS
Say Hello to the Apple Maps Car Spotted in La MiradaCA
i have one... stick with apple
V SOC 2nd goal by Apple  21 over Spring Hill in first half.
Osolamalaika You can either sync using iTunes or use Apple Music and iCloud Music Library. Check it out here
The maintenance guy at work brought me a mason jar full of homemade apple pie moonshine. Even Dan accommodates my alcoholic tendencies
AppleSupport or apple  fix this without completely resetting my phone
This album will be available on all streaming websites  Apple Music  Spotify  google play ect.
How to Make the Delicious Apple Nachos Recipe 
The Manhattan Transfer by Apple Music Jazz
making lower thirds in apple keynote with green screen back and basic animations.
AppleSupport changing the apple id but you need the password and the password does not work because it is a ghost apple id how can I
 Apple ARKit is about to transform the App Store in the most awesome way via Mashable
Reallllly not seeing how Apple gets credit for pioneering here. In fact Apple usually doesnt pioneer... they usually show up late.
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
You like your conspiratard theories so here Its the Jewish shareholders of Apple  Linda.
 AAPL Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal OUR 1 PICK  AMTY Lee Iacoccas MOST UNDERVALUED stock EVER
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore
VisualDx app to debut with Apple iOS 11 helping nondermatologist doctors diagnose skin c... Read more
VisualDx app to debut with Apple iOS 11 helping nondermatologist doctors diagnose skin c... Read more
Or you can check out these Apple Season Templates by Marie H Designs...
when i have kids imma have two code words banana small emergencyice creamperiodmcdonalds apple  im kidnappedbleeding 2 death etc.
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
I hate apple doe
AppleSupport attached to the phone. I tried resetting the phones settings but it did not erase the apple id from it I also tried
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
http goo.glCQryvf Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the
Australian banks narrow focus of Apple Pay collective bargaining request
Apple  Stop the use of conflict minerals in Apple and Samsung Products  Sign the Petition
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
http goo.glCQryvf Apple stores in Nebraska and Pennsylvania reopening this weekend
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Bragg Apple Cider Vinegar 1 Gallon  128 ounces NEW
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
BigData is the new oil industry... Top 5 AlphabetAmazon Apple FacebookMicrosoft
AppleSupport for the password but it did not work. I figured out that apple does not recognize the apple id anymore but it is still
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Sell Philiphines Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Rose Gold visit
Hey Albert is the Apple store a grocery store I mean it is a fruit.
iPhone Charger Lightning Cable  MFi Certified Durable Braided Apple Lightning USB Cord for ... is now on 
AppleSupport cant connect to the apple store I have no clue why and Ive tried logging in and out and everything
I liked a YouTube video
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
. Apple iTunes sync is a bad joke. Every stage has an 80 failure rate requiring multiple retries relaunches reboots and factory restore
Also Apple sat on their asses while OculusFacebook Google Samsung Sony and HTC did all the work on making VR a real thing.
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
This is where the magic happens... Apple Campus
Apple all time high 
you softer than that 5 year drinking apple juice
I have an apple phone why dont I get the texts
Definitely an Apple Watch I had a Fitbit and not that I have my Apple Watch Id never go back
http ow.lyIRwJp Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore  The Verge
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
http ow.lyIRwJp Apple s TV plans are still stuck in neutral  Recode
New song discovery Taylor Swift demands attention with her new single Look at what you made me do Check it out on Spotify and Apple Music 
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Moving my code from JSBin to Google Script. Not hating on JSBin but dont want Apple messing with my code. I love JSBin still though.
This wireless portable Apple Watch charger just dropped to its lowest price ever on Amazon
AppleSupport switched to an Motorola witch does not have apple id when he switched we did not change the apple id for the phone. now
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Red Delicious is objectively the worst apple . You know whats a better one Fake foam apples in a decorative bowl.
ANTIQUE HAVILAND LIMOGES APPLE BLOSSOM SCHLEIGER 146 GRAVY BOAT w UNDER PLATE
200 Theyre brand new from Apple and their website sells them for 300 haha
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Birkenhead Brewing Companys now pouring Zeffer Cider Apple Crumble Cider
Apple iPhone 6 6 Plus 6S 6S Plus Charge and Sync Cable IP6 Cables  2 pack by Weyli
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Check out Apple Mac Computer made in USA 1986 Apple
8 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White MD329LLA ENGRAVING
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White MD329LLA ENGRAVING via eBay
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple iPad with WiFi  Cellular 32GB  Black  ATT 3rd generation  B via eBay
Youre just mad because he saw your Adams apple .
My sister just eye fucked this guy and whispered to me he has an apple watch
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple are going to bring wireless charging everyone will go mad about it but its pure shite takes 4 hours to charge a phone no thanks
Inovat 3x USB Lightning Cable Data Sync Charger Cord for Apple iPhone 7SE6s plus 6s 6 plus 6..
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines
Apple iPad with WiFi  Cellular 32GB  Black  Verizon 3rd generation via eBay
CARAMEL APPLE BREAD
Pray4DJT JPMorgan Apple SPLCADL disavowcondemn Antifa BLM Soros ISIS  ISRAEL terror America blessed choose Christ BornAgainSaved 
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
Apple s iTunes Store is accepting Red Cross Hurricane Harvey donations hurricaneharvey
Apple iPad with WiFi  Cellular 32GB  Black  Verizon 3rd generation  B via eBay
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple cider vinegar alone or diluted in water in a spray bottle. This really works.
I miss your whole Z ALBUM THAT YOU REMOVED FROM APPLE MUSIC WHEN CTRL WAS RELEASED
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple  Accenture team up on iPhone iPad apps for businesses
What to do if your Apple Watch Series 2 gets wet
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
This wireless portable Apple Watch charger just dropped to its lowest price ever on Amazon
Apple Adds Augmented Reality Best Practices to Developer Guidelines
My stress is driving me up the wall. Someone come through with an apple pie.
Is it just me or did the media stop giving Apple a hard time about this design way too early 
 Apple  Add synthetic leather options to Beats by Dre headphones.  Jetzt unterschreiben
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Frys Email Exclusive 32GB Apple iPad 9.7 WiFi Tablet 2017 Model 278 w Tuesdays Promo code
gherbo they got Welcome to Fazoland fucked up on Apple Music
9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters White 2Pack
Apple Spars With Movie Studios Over Pricing Ahead of Apple TV Rollout
brought my broken macbook to the apple store. the genius found an earring back in it. said computer isnt broken anymore  but my dignity is
Apple Macbook DVD 13 Inch Working Ready Laptop with Bluetooth win 
Its out iTunes  Apple Music  YouTube  Spotify etc. mychains unlockingthetruth 
shes gorgeous though... my cinnamon apple
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 7 Plus Verizon 695
WSJ Apple Aiming to Use Steve Jobs Theater to Unveil New Products at September 12 Event
hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via
New post  Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
Baseball apple pie hot dogs popcorn and Ford
So I see people saying Googles recently announced Android AR thing wont be able to catch up with Apple s also recently announced ARKit.
wander off. and then i remember. i made no bake apple crumble waddup
My Mothers Want An Apple Watch Idk Why Tho
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
I wish Apple Music kept track of how many times you played songs
I have come to eat apple slices and kill Bloodborne monsters and Im all out of  wait I have plenty of apples. munch munch munch
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Swear to God my phone wont let me delete apps. Took it to the apple store and everything.
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Has Apple Lost its Way
Apple
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Biggest Gamble Yet
mxnettocoreml 0.1.1 Tool to convert MXNet models into Apple CoreML model f...
Iowas handout to Apple illustrates the folly of corporate welfare deals
Apple IPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 9.7Inch  Space Gray Price 338.00 ...
yet very few publishers will actually fully leverage Apple News properly axios publishes very few articles to Apple News
So... listening to Tidus MIDI songs at work Long story... Is there a Bad Apple Tidus MIDI song on YouTube
Anyone trying to sell an Apple Watch hmu I got you
yes but at least his doors are now open for those who seek shelter... a win is a win even when he took a bite of that apple ...
iHome Color Changing Alarm Clock Radio f Apple All iPhone 4 4s 5 5c 5s 6  iPod
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps  CNNMoney
lol I was clearly wrong here and I think Apple made a huge mistake by abandoning the project
The liar apple
KOT tagged hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy via Giphy
Apple iPhone SE  64GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone
Apple iPhone SE  16GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone
I guess lol. Im gonna be with my Vodka and Apple Crown
keeps you close enjoying our closeness. I bite into an apple . your positive thoughts and prayer will help baby
eating an apple aw yeah
Bestand 3 in 1 Apple iWatch Stand Airpods Charger Dock Phone Desk
2 slice toaster cover apple blossoms and apples
RT technology Google delivers an answer to Apple on augmented reality
If you bought some slap yourself with an apple  the fruit I mean
timcook AppleSupport Apple Tim Cook sir Facing worst customer service from Apple and UPS. M totally harrassed pissed off. Help me out
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Did you try the soft reset keys
Our new summer single All That Shines is available on Spotify Apple Music Bandcamp... everywhere SummerSong
Free Elegant Apple Screen Computer MockUp PSD
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Check this out Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11 
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Rose Gold at 139.99 on O2 4G NonRefresh ...
All the sudden my phone keeps asking for my Apple ID every 5 minutes well all the sudden I cant remember my Apple ID password sooooo
Wth hughnior is a mouthful and cramps my Adams Apple pronouncing it why would you wish this on your son
I liked a YouTube video
So for a truly creative dev like yourself are the types of experiences they could enable more or less equivalent
Apple s Tim Cook Barnstorms for Moral Responsibility  New York Times
Hi Peter should I still be waiting for an Apple HD television set before I buy a new television as per your advice to me in 2012 zing
You can either sync using iTunes or use Apple Music and iCloud Music Library. Check it out here
I hate when girls try to call me wilard unless you my cinnamon apple I dont wanna hear it.
Anyone purchase the iPhone 7 Thinking about getting one but not sure if I should switch to a Galaxy. Ive always been an apple user.
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration
That student discount for Apple Music is clutch
hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy 
Coolbot458 likes apple pie
I dislike Snapple apple
ALL ARTISTS WANTING TO EARN INCOME FROM THEIR MUSIC WANT TO KNOW HOW TO GET PAID BY APPLE MUSIC TIDAL...
if apple came out with a house would it still have windows
Apple Shows Off ARKit Apps Ahead of Launch
Being able to set a timer on my Apple Watch while Im cooking is so convenient
just seen a dude with a head the size of an apple
RT TechCrunch  And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Bad apple . You cant help it. You dont need someone like that who will hack  snoop in your biz family or Not.
Put three through college tried other brands Apple by far the best with minimal problems you wont regret it good luck
Holding up one rare good apple from a bad tree does not undo the thousands of ruined apples laying on the ground plainly evident.
Selling my Apple Watch Let me know if youre interested
ASK ME HOW I KNOW BY GARTH NEEDS TO COME OUT ON APPLE MUSIC ALREADY
Google shows off ARCore its answer to Apple s ARKit
I like apple juice
God damn I miss you homie
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
I knew I should have saved my lunch but no my fat ass had to eat both sandwiches apple and grapes
Apple has air. Amazon has fire. Google has earth. I think Microsoft should probably make something like water.
Inspired to make my first ever cheesecake in honour of Jamie and Joels housewarming Caramel apple cheesecake. 
BestBuyEHanover 17 minutes standing in the Apple section... not one sales person asked to help me...
Ummm...is that apple juice
 Apple and Accenture teaming up to help enterprises build advanced mobility tools via TechCrunch
Display Release on apple CAST
New trending GIF on GIPHY hello hi computer apple  hey shy good day macintosh heyy 
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Apple iPhone 7 In Excellent Condition  128GB  Jet Black ATT Smartphone
Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal  MarketWatch
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Aight Ill call you when I get back in the states
Donating to the RedCross with Apple Pay really couldnt have been easier 
Come on Apple 250 BILLION in cash TEXAS NEEDS YOU Gates Zuckerberg Bezos Buffett Ellison STEP UP TexasStrong
TONGUE IDK WHY APPLE SPELLED IT WEIRD. P
ARKit  Apple Developer
Apple Iphone 6s 16gb Rose Gold verizon Working Phone
Fresh bedding  shower  and then going 2 do a summersault into bed and finish the rest of this bottle of apple juice with a film
kara convinced me of it shes like satan in the garden of eden but instead of an apple she has pumpkins from the target dollar bin
use apple cider vinegar works like a charm
Vintage Colorful Apple Ballpoint Which Still Writes
I highly recommend this thread of passionate apple opinions.
Apple 6100199 CPU Cooling Fa... GBP 25.00 
Best feature of Apple Watch pinging my phone so I can find where I put it
Apple Ipod Touch 5th Generation Blue 32 Gb
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore  The Verge
Clockwork Synergy Strap For Apple Watch 42 Mm Worn Brown
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration AppleInsider
I was told by Apple Care... 
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  MJ
VR home w trendy Furniture LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Indulge in this delightful blueberry apple crumble pie for afternoon tea. Find the recipe here
Latest episode is live We chatted to blogger booktuber and business owner lillytales Listen on Apple Podcasts or the Overcast App 
Apple Iphone 6  16gb  Space Gray att Smartphone
RT BiometricUpdate  Apple granted U.S. patent for acoustic fingerprint imaging technology
Luxury Slim Folio Pu Leather Case Smart Cover For 2017 Apple New Ipad 9.7 A
i need those pre cut apple slices because i am w e a k
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
tea now go stream her album on apple music xx
5x Ultra Clear Screen Protector Apple Ipod 4 Ipod4 4th Film Guard Transparen
Oem Apple Iphone 4 4g Home Button Flex Cable Ribbon Replacement Repair Part
5x Ultra Clear Screen Protector Apple Ipod 5 6 Film Guard Shield Protection
2.5d 9h Premium Real Tempered Glass Apple Ipod 5 6 5th 6th Screen Protector
Apple  blueberry  cinnamon muffins sogood treatyourself yum bearandbean bearandbeancafe 
3x Ultra Clear Screen Protector Apple Ipad Mini 1 2 3 7.9 Film Guard Transpa
5x Hd Clear Screen Protector Apple Ipod 5 6 Film Guard Shield Protection Lcd
2x 2.5d 9h Premium Tempered Glass Apple Iphone 5 5s 5c Se Screen Protector C
2.5d 9h Premium Real Tempered Glass Apple Iphone 7 4.7 Screen Protector Cle
Sadie Family Skurfberg 50ish. Favorite South African Chenin. Honey apple  orange blossoms  crushed rocks with satiny texture. Stellar.
2x Pcs Hd Clear Screen Protector Apple Iphone 6plus 5.5 6 Plus 6s Transpar
5x Hd Clear Screen Protector Apple Iphone 4 4s Iphone4 Film Guard Transparen
Apple Iphone 7 Plus  32gb  Gold tmobile Smartphone sealed Factory Ref
Apple Iphone 6 16gb a1549 us Unlocked check Esnb12
There is no drink on this planet that will supersede apple juice for me
Apple Imac A1418 21.5 Desktop  2013  Model Me086xxa Me087xxa  1tb Memo
Cincinnati Reds Cover Case For Apple Iphone 6 6s
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Apple Ipad 1st Generation 64gb Wifi 9.7in  Black mc822lla
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 64GB Apple
Vintage Apple Power Macintosh G3 teal And Whitewith Cd  Zip Drivesm
Apple granted U.S. patent for acoustic fingerprint imaging technology. Read more
Apple granted U.S. patent for acoustic fingerprint imaging technology. Read more
Apple s TV plans are still stuck in neutral  Recode
Thatd be hype
The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple .
Apple Iphone 4  16gb  Black unlocked Smartphone
not when I cant even find her on Apple Music
Augmented Reality Human Interface Guidelines from Apple ARKit
Frys Email Exclusive 32GB Apple iPad 9.7 WiFi Tablet 2017 Model 278 w Tuesdays Promo code
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Accenture Joins The Apple Enterprise Train This is a good thing for enterprise customers  Forrester.
Luxury Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case For Apple Iphone 6s6 B
Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
Apple Wood Logs 14 Lbs Also Chunks For Smoking Grilling Cooking Smoker
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Inovat 3x USB Lightning Cable Data Sync Charger Cord for Apple iPhone 7SE6s plus 6s 6 plus 6..
New 100 Genuine Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Apple Iphone 7 Plu
Fun AR thread all about Apple s new AR push this fall.
Yo do it  You should come down with Kyle and Erica and we can all go and then go out
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Two apple pies from Popeyes please
Spiced cake mix cupcakes with apples in the batter and topped with cinnamon buttercream frosting Candy Apple MMs and a drizzle of carame 
bring it to an apple store to get help
Apple CEO Tim Cook collects 112.6m windfall as part of incentive deal much more to come.
And its on Apple music. 
No one needs an  apple  computer. Twice as much half the hardware. Just marketed towards teens
Kaye Ballard GOLDEN APPLE  Jack Whiting  Al Hirschfeld 1954 Broadway Playbill
PSYCHO MANTIS LOVES HIS APPLE PIES
Hmm Eating an apple while looking at the cherry blossoms is really special
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Goldmine Magazine by Goldmine Magazine on Apple Podcasts
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore
Hey Skittles please bring back lime... green apple really sucks
I officially hate Apple . My phone has been freezing up like crazy and its messed up. applesucks iphone6
Every time Apple takes the 5 out of my account for Apple Music I contemplate cancelling the subscription
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Siris integration w Apple TV
Best tweet of the week
I hope all reports r wrong n tht Apple is goin 2 rel only iPhone8 n iPhone8  with 8 starting at 649 with 64gigs timcook
Apple edges closer to enterprise with Accenture iOS partnership
I want a Apple Watch
bomb ass apple cider vinegar kale salad omg
Kidapproved Apple Nachos recipe takes 12 minutes to make
I want the Apple  Box.
Apple iPhone 8 The tenth anniversary iPhone will be special. Heres what we know
Construction workers reveal look at Apple Park on Snapchat
Apple Music deleted all my music.. omg rip me
I hear you. Can you get it on apple tv or something like that Or get crtv on internet.
Or just have your Apple account signed in on both and photo stream will transfer them
tecnologa And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast 
My phone been stuck like this for an hour apple sprint um wtf ive had this phone for 4 weeks and its been fine then i call GetSpectrum 
this gives me hope lightning can strike 3 times.... for Apple when they pick a new CEO
Gotcha. When I have time later tonight Ill look up some good ones. I have a green apple moscato sangria thats yummy if you like sangria
gif you
ARCore Is Googles Answer To Apple s ARKit Now Available For Pixel And
. chilla is sharing an Apple release of AR kit apps and information as his AwesomeThingOfTheWeek .
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Gov. Reynolds defends Apple deal...
Im so fake I cant believe I wasnt following apple
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Did you know formaldehyde is naturally produced in your body It helps you metabolize food. The amount in a vaccine  an apple .
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
RT FortuneMagazine  Apple promises better iPhone and iPad apps for businesses
Apple iPad Air 2 Retina Display 64GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked
IPTV Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV
IPTV Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration
Google unveils ARCore its SOP android based ripoff of Apple s ARKit ITS CORE NOT KIT OK NOT SAME  Yahoo Finance
IPTV Apple TV has become Tim Cooks white whale
Galaxy Note 8 leaves the big risks to Apple s next iPhone
Fall Adventure Visit a winery in VA. Combine that with visiting farmers markets leafpeeping stops at apple orchards  festivals.
IPTV Amazon Prime Video Apple TV app may not be ready for September launch
IPTV Upcoming Amazon Prime Video App for Apple TV May Not Be Ready for September Launch
Apple ARKit is about to transform the App Store in the most awesome way
IPTV Apple s TV plans are still stuck in neutral
IPTV New Apple TV 5 Reasons to Wait  3 Not to
Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV 
I actually hate anything after Jellybean. In all fairness and not to start a war Im too dumb to use anything Apple . So its Nougat for me.
Linda Sarsours anticapitalist agenda  powered by Apple s iPhone.
Im learning all about Apple Computers Apple Magic Trackpad at Influenster  httpswww.twitter.comApple
BLACK TO WHITE feat. Apple 
Lol good god. Amazon FireTv Apple Tv one of those that enable you to watch different apps on your TV
Ben Wanamaker  Aetna scoops up rising star from WalMarts health group to lead Apple Watch partnership
Apple iPad 2 16gb WhiteSilver Model A1395 Factory Reset Ready To Go for 26.00 with 1d via eBay
Aubrey this apple ..... Me is great Aubrey is disgusting. Wheres the cake
We were discussing Adam and Eve in class and some white man said eves desire to eat the apple can be compared to the urge pedophiles get...
Apple  Is it cool if we just invade your privacy iPhone8 users yeah fuck my shit up fam.
WanteDWanteD  Mrs. GREEN APPLE NowPlaying
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Music Student discount works for a 3 month free trial if you havent used it before then 4.99 a month.
Life Fight Links Spotify
Spotify is really being a bitch so Im forced to get Apple Music
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
TFTCS RT technology Google delivers an answer to Apple on augmented reality
The sweet flavors and aromas of fall Delicious apple butter
Honey Crisps are the best apple ever
Im bossed up with the Apple Watch now
How the iPhone 8 Could Solve Apple  Inc.s China Woes. Read more
Amazon Music Unlimited finally joins Spotify and Apple Music in offering student rates. Read more
These are the two yes two apple varieties you must use for a true homestyle apple pie.
Apple selfdriving car project shelved company focuses on auto tech instead
From Ikea to zombies Apple s first augmented reality apps revealed
Now playing Aerosmith  Adams Apple on TripRock
I just found out that Granny Smith is not a brand of apple  What
This some wild shit then apple got me otp with someone with bas english WTF is going on all i did was call a damn cable company
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Yeah you mouthbreathing imbecile. Because Apple has trademarked THE NUMBER EIGHT SOMEHOW. Needless to say Im yelling at the radio.
RT TFTCS RT technology Google delivers an answer to Apple on augmented reality
im so ready to go to the Apple store
And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Buy Cheap 10 2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple iPhone 66s7
Hyunas album has been moved to the Top Albums part on her Apple Music page bless up
Apple ramps up iPhone 8 production ahead of September 12 launch Report
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened
Ihnatko Stinks of TC hypocrisyIowa tax payers subsidize Apple s profits for American jobs propaganda is that good gov by corporate US
Disney pics are up on my insta Disney orlando iphone apple vsco photography photographer creator instagram tumblr youtube 
Im working at State Farm and my boyfriend might be working at Apple . Life is great
Yup I remember even the little details like going in the apple store to find out if it was true
Miss you homie
Barrington Duffy gives team Gallant a 31 lead over Team Cameron. 1603 left in the period Jordan Spence with the apple . CapsArmy
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
Apple Releases Developer Guidelines for Making InApp Purchases in the App Store for iOS 11
all fresh and clean  drinking my apple juice
Pretty sure its an apple loop but Im waaaaay too lazy to be certain.
Apple Cuts IranMade Apps From Store Over Sanctions
Hes fuckin dope
New post  Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
New post Aetna scoops up rising star from WalMarts health group to lead Apple Watch partnership
New post See how Apple will erase the line between reality and your iPhone
Apple  Samsung taking smartphone prices to edge
Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV
I literally just went to the fair for a candy apple rt ur goals
DROPPING A SNOTTY TISSUE ON THE INDUSTRY WHY YOU ARE ALL FAKE SO BEGONE NAMASTE BYE
Apple maps is
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple Faces Off Against Hollywood Over 4K Movie Prices
Apple wrong for tryna charge people  then dont wanna give you yo money back when they did wrong
Whats your firstbestfavorite computer memory Mine is writing my first computer program in 3rd grade on an Apple IIe.
TechCrunch And the Emmy goes to Apple  DJI Microsoft and Comcast  
Apple Pay peertopeer payments on iPhone to work like this  CNET
Apple and Accenture partner to boost iPhone iPad use at work
Apple s TV plans are still stuck in neutral  Recode
iPhone 4 Apocalypse TuffGrip case cover for Apple iPhone 4G  4  Black  Night Shadow  Werewolf
Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal
Apple tv on charging power banks are deeply discounted today.
Best email app for the iPhone Excluding Apple s Mail app
So proud to have been chosen for apple s ShotonIphone 2017 Summer Campaign. Its truly
Apple Spars With Movie Studios Over Pricing Ahead of Apple TV Rollout
Apple Wins 2017 TechnicalEngineering Emmy for Siri Integration on Apple TV
Accessory Apple iPad ClearTouch AntiGlare Screen Protector Single Pack
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
Adulthood is buying apple juice and a kitkat cake when youre hungry instead of healthy food 
U can drink apple juice w any meal dont taste right w orange juice
AVAILLABLE NOW We Talkin Money Vol 1 1 Album to Add to your Playlist
Currently recording with apple headphones
I liked a YouTube video
Apple watch Hahahaha
 Apple IPad Pro 9.7in  WiFi  32GB  Silver  MLMP2LLA  A1673  ...
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
I need a nerd thats Apple savy 
But they need apple watches
Apple Brand 1x1 2Mil Clear Reclosable Ziplock Plastic Bags Baggies Jewelry Tiny
Yea juliarenee96 tells me that
I watched it off my apple iTV and it played an advertisement for NCL.
Green apple vs red apple
Definitely Apple Music
The latest Apple Watch leak suggests more fitness focus than ever  surf swim dance with your Watch.
Has the Time Come For Fitbit To Overtake The Apple Watch This F ll
Apple Bottom Jeans will always be a lit fucking song
Peach  apple
The touch bar is such a gimmick I hate it lol I want 32gb in my damn laptop
Photo taken with a iPhone 5s Apple photography photographer photoshoot photo iPhone5s goal5k 
Big Apple .
My mouth has that gross white yucky film that makes everything taste horrible. So even apple sauce and chicken soup taste nasty.
djdonghun pen pineapple apple pen
The Apple Watch to the rescue even on silent the phone recover works 
Crown apple  Lemonade aint too bad.
I think Apple Watch battery details iPhone eating Samsungs lunch jailbreaking via Mac and iOS developer programs.
Ive been at apple since 5pm est its now 8pm ugh i need food
RT Apple Dip  tleighmedia JENNIFER
9to5Toys Lunch Break 15inch MacBook Pro 300 off Leather Apple Watch Band 7 Anker iPhoneiPad Stand 8 mor...
Yep Apple is built on millions of hours of inequitable human labor and hes shrouded in unhealthy mythology but I am a ÎÄÎÄÎÄ.
MidWeight APPLE Graphic Designer  Graphic
Jesus pikin like me Apple of His Eye.
Apple Music  Spotify Dont me
Im in a 78 rpm mood esp pre1926 acoustic recordings. Whos even heard of William H. Reitz When Its Apple Blossom Time in Normandy
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Sustainability payingoff w alternate financing approaches for companies such as Apple  Starbucks Adidas and LVMH.
It was Calloway... he is the bad apple . Mac needs to go ahead and cut ties with him.
Why are apple watches so expensive
Bourbon BBQ pulled pork sandwich with red pepper corn fennel  apple salsa. blueplatediner on104th patiolife 
i cant find it on apple music
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Gold Verizon Smartphone
Antifa got in the Dunkin Donuts drive thru line right before me and got the last apple fritter I am declaring war
god bless Apple for creating cup pong
Billionaire Warren Buffett Ive never sold a share of Apple
RT cultofmac  Apple teams up with Accenture to make iOS better for business
apple on a yeti cup damn mf thats rich shit
Im at Apple Crocker Park  applesupport in Westlake OH
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple CEO Tim Cook to Employees Hurricane Harveys Impact is Felt by All of Us
I would like to enter the Basilica to find my friend but I am holding a box of Apple Cinnamon Cheerios and I dont know if I should
im literally having an allergic reaction to apple juice i hate being me
apple salesman youre all set me you too...are all set... runs away
I have eaten three medium sized carrots and an apple . The feelings of imminent death have abated slightly.
I think I want an Apple Watch
Everyone Seeing that it would be the most affordable Apple product and a lot of people want Apple products. Cater for everyone
Apple has 247 Billion in cash on hand and often the largest market capitalization of any company in the world.
I need to music I got everbody album on Apple Music what mix tapes hard rn 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
APPLE JACK
WIN A TRIP TO THE BIG APPLE Play at LeoVegas for your dream NYC holiday 
Apple  Inc.s iPhone 8 Launch Event What to Expect
Find the best price on Apple iPhones and Dell laptops. We have brand new and refurbished iPhones in stock 
Apple  Bain Swoop in With LastMinute Bid on Toshibas NAND Flash Business
Apple . Tree. 
This music of 2012 playlist on Apple Music is really throwing it back to all the songs I had on my pink LG cookie
Amazon Apple  Netflix
I cant wait to go apple picking next month
Claythesound brings gesture tracking to Apple Googles AR kit
Apple iPad Air A1474 16GB WiFi  Space Gray Certified Refurbished
TIL that Apple Maps shows the ETA of your Uber ride when you 3D Touch the app icon blown away
Why couldnt the dog get the apple  Popsicle jokes He was barking up the wrong tree.
Well this was worth the wait.  Drinking a Madame Rose by GooseIsland Mini Apple Manor 
A look at how Apple s iPhone 8 could effect stock prices 2150BR
Apple Music Spotify UnpopularOpinions
The Last Moment for Littlefinger  sketched via Apple Pencil on an IpadPro using Sketch Club finished in Mextures
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple MacBook Pro 13 A1278 2.4Ghzi52435M500GB4GB MD313LLA Late 2011 81
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Bruh VERY valid question why is Futures Pluto not 3D not on Apple MusicSpotify
I dunno make them be like Hi I am a touchscreen This is how you use it.
gross... apple
gbfdjs edith bein a total idiot about how phones work and like APP store do you mean APPLE store..... where u get APPLES
Lmfaoo my Apple Music is straight trap shit I swear
I want apple juice in my sippy cup
What a shambles. Get it taken to an Apple Store quick.
Well two dog baths done Hello apple smelling pups They are still pretty whooped from their adventure.
wanneaone im gonna kill myself listen i havent deleted any music off of my iTunes and Apple Music in like 4 years 
Social Media Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Because I could drink a whole keg of apple ale.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
ME TOO TBH
Apple chargers are no good
Mine had apple butter on em lol.
Why did Apple take away the repeat button on AppleMusic  needitback
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets
Apple CEO Tim Cook to Employees Hurricane Harveys Impact is Felt by All of Us...
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Twix Fruity Pebbles Froot Loops Apple Jacks. GIIIIIIIRL I LOVE MY CEREAL we go through almost 3 boxes a week
If they cant even write the sentence properly its a scam dear.
Apple keep making shittier shittier and products that break on purpose. The lawyer smart enough to start this class action retires early
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Hey I aint odd The green pig squealed spitting out his apple as he went from swine to Teen.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
XXXTENTACIONs album is number 1 on Apple Music. Your MCM still calling it trash because its the cool thing to do. Do better.
Yo Apple and Android  design an interface that is so seniorfriendly they can figure out how to use them please.
What You Should Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8
Wtf is this by reading the memory storage unit your save files for 1 and 2 are on than apple
Reality Switch  APPLE MARKET This is my newest game I would appreciate it if you check it out 
apple cider vinegar
Hint that upcoming Apple TV may offer HDR as well as 4K resolution  and that could be big
Birds of a feather.....The apple doesnt fall far from the tree....youre known by the company you keep.....
rxcs Have you verified the explicit version is available in Apple Music
Apple to launch iPhone 8 by September 12
Xiaomi to Debut Mi Mix 2 Smartphone the Day Before Apple s iPhone 8 Launch Event
Autonomous Vehicle Startup Zoox Snags 17 Former Apple Automotive Engineers  Mac Rumors
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
OK but I asked the normally useless Bixby and it gave me Houston TX. Is Apple losing its mojo
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Lose weight fast with APPLE CIDER VINEGAR DETOX DRINK
Reposting advancedhealthmart Lamb Carnitas  Marks Daily Apple . nutrition health foodie muscle recipe protein mmm food Healthy 
OOOO PROTIP ON THAT ONE just pump up on stuff thats good for ur throat like apple cider vinegar  honey and practice n watch the magic
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Is Apple back
Phalaxis Win a Pair of Apple AirPods Worth 229 from iDrop News
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
I liked a YouTube video
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 50 before 9117
Listening to the top charts radio on Apple Music and the boys come up... You know we vibin PRETTYMUCH 
So theyre not even going to be a hand model for Apple released asa 99 theme before anyone knew what iOS 7 looked like.
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
So Apple is having another one of their look what we stole from Android events on September 12. The fan boys are giddy.
Apple Music and Spotify
Lol Im kind of craving apple juice rn tbh
Apple iPhone 8 Wont Stop Market Share Loss IDC As Apple Inc. AAPL prepares to roll out
Sorry bro but taylorswift13 doesnt release new albums every day.
Bye bye home Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone
Icons discovered in WatchOS 4 beta suggest Apple will support more workouts  The Verge 
When your Apple Watch sends you this notification even though youve been standing since 1 PM covering the Phoenix City Council meeting 
fruitandvegmovies The shining red apple
Any comments on whether apple can be a success making their own content
Apple iPad 1st Generation 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black Model A1219 1P
May I ask why FSG out
just seen this tweet apple crumble is my absolute fave Toastie is a too
Apple to remove home button in upcoming highend iPhone report says
The word disable should give you the clue
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts 
rxcs Have you verified the explicit version is available in Apple Music
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
can i delete the app store
Apple Music
Cant disagree. Though if they had Apple s money I bet they could do a lot better
I cant believe I had to live with you for 3 months NotMyRoommate
RealJamesWoods  Apple traded above 163 per share today. Thats a new alltime high. Its now up 31640 since its 1980 IPO.
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before new iPhone launch
Just realized Apple Music has ArAb as Arab in their artists. So his shit is combined with Soulja Boys best friends music lmao
NowPlaying Apple  Psycho Daisies
If you having plug problems I feel bad for you son stevenremms  Apple technology 
NowPlaying PartyNextDoor  Break Me Down on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
 Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone
I sigh and add a few crackers and a bottle of apple juice to the tray. I carry it slowly upstairs to my sick wife.
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Thats why I said some of them. Plenty actually enjoy the game.
Apple and CochlearUS team up on madeforiPhone hearing implant
Apple Strudel poptarts are the goat poptart flavor...neck and neck with brown sugar cinnamon
Just download the app. No one ones an apple remote longer than a year
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief IT
Ipod Apple 2nd Generation Ipod
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before new iPhone launch
Drinking a Madame Rose by GooseIsland Mini Apple Manor 
Why the FUCK isnt my Apple Music working right when I get to the gym
iPhone backs to cloud look it up at apple . Com
CrownRoyal Apple and John Ts Vanilla cigar badass ochocinco what is your favorite cigar 
Refurb Apple iPad w Retina 16GB Tablet for 152  free shipping wcode AUGUST20
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets We...
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6 Verizon 299
Yeah I do think its harsh bringing disabled ppl into a fuckin argument to get a few likes
Apple automatically added a dick picture to the selfie album... like it knows me or something.
That 4 come w apple pie.
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Based on the sermon of stevenfurtick from barsandbattles from elevationchurch Created with Procreate4 and ipadpro with Apple Pencil 
I did mine freshman year it was the worstEspecially since it was during WG drill camp  all I did was sit on the side  eat apple sauce
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone  Bloomberg
Is getting an Apple Watch worth it
Braintree lets Aussie merchants add Apple Pay and AndroidPay to payment options
Retweeted Mashable  mashable  How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Lmfao did it smell even better bc of the apple c
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
Haunted Empire Apple After Steve Jobs Unabridged  Yukari... Technology
Fuck it rose gold Apple Watch for sale
Apple juice w the brown
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts
This chick is eating an tomato like a freaking apple . 
Inside Apple  Adam Lashinsky  Management  Leadership... Management Leadership
Apple Search Ads Still tapping after 6 months of testing
That Apple Vinegrette looked lumpy  before Barney got his hands on it CelebrityMasterChef
GOLDEN APPLE  Sharron Sasser
I liked a YouTube video
Have you verified the explicit version is available in Apple Music
should got an apple one lol
why does look what you made me do remind me of pen pineapple apple pen
The apple of his eye 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief Read
the apple never falls far from the stem just another example
Maybe but many massive female football fans. Bit generic
i may have to convert my subsciptions from Spotify to Apple Music
my Apple ID also has two factor authentication.. ugh. welll then.
Apple and CochlearUS team up on madeforiPhone hearing implant
I cant believe were going to New York. The Big Apple 
Me too I will be having my bunions rubbed and apple sauce spooned into my mouth while my diaper is being changed
I dont know whats up with this but I dont think Apple is done yet. 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
A slew of Apple auto engineers reportedly left to join the selfdriving car startup Zoox
i hate that ive lived in apple valley long enough that now im excited whenever i see a lot of grass lmao
Samsung just released its latest Fitbit and Apple Watch killer  take a look
AXIOS Tim Cook said that donations combined with Apple employee contributions have raised more than 1M in Harv
In the near future well only be adle to communicate through devices. Actual human contact will te outlawed by the Apple iCourt.
IvankaTrump Just another LIAR. Apple didnt fall far.
Apple
Bain brings in Apple for lastminute US18 billion bid for Toshiba chip unit  sources
Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop  MD231LLA June 2012
TenX wallet on Apple store is this legit  PAY  MCO  NEO 
I cannot think of a good reason why Apple would not allow full screen videos just for YouTube other sites allow it. So it must be Google.
Tim Cooks Tricky Problem Over New MacBook Hardware www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170830 apple macbookprotouchbarproblems
We tested solubility today to work with the scientific method. Most asked question Can I drink this cold apple cider 
Uber has an app you can schedule rides effortlessly and you pay with a card apple  Samsung or other types of digital payment.
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology  GOOGL  AAPL
I love pickled eggs not sure how unpopular they are though. Cant stand apple pie turkey or stuffing.
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expa
Wheres an apple  I need to stuff this and bake it. although hes already halfbaked
First harvest from my families Apple tree. 
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
8 Amazing Ways Apple Cider Vinegar And Coconut Oil Can Benefit Seniors
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
Tim Cooks Tricky Problem Over New MacBook Hardware www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170830 apple macbookprotouchbarproblems Fina 
Such a wise man your dad must have been. Like they say you dont get pears from an apple tree. likefatherlikeson
The apple doesnt fall far from the dumpster fire...
I will not let myself go bad like a old apple trying to keep grapes on the vine
Thats how Apple is
mashable  How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
searches on Apple music
Heres how Apple will replace the home button on the iPhone 8 
New post Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and
Couldnt figure out how to watch on the apple app either.
Looks like Ill be stuck with Apple products forever now. LOTR Trilogy is worth it though 
Why the hell is Amazon Apple selling refurbished government hardware to civilians Youd think theyd make a law against that.
Apple getting over on us lol
Im slating her for using the word retard
Apple debuts latest Carpool Karaoke trailers as this weeks episode debuts 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Not atm. We only bill in USD through our site. If you have a Mac or iOS device you can subscribe through Apple 
See how Apple will erase the line between reality and your iPhone
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
MarkDice My Google Apple Twitter censorship illustration I sent my friend Yaron. 
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search efforts Cook says.
Apple STILL NO GINGER EMOJI IM GONNA SCREAM. GingerProblems GingerProblems
The Apple Byte HD iPhone 8 will have a new software dock and gesture controls
Sandra Bullock alone donated 1 million  Curmudgeonly of you apple
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone
Samsung reveals iPhonecompatible Gear Sport and Gear Fit2 Pro poised to compete with 2017 Apple Watch.
Squad of Apple car staffers jump ship to selfdriving startup Zoox.
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before new iPhone launch
Apple s search for the next big thing how its ambitious plan to build a car collapsed
I finally visited an Apple Store in Destiny USA Syracuse NY ... the employees were enthusiastic but I wasnt big on the layout. Just me.
Bizarre report claims Apple s not sure when it will unveil the iPhone 8 
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology  GOOGL  AAPL
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Files Trademark Application for HomeKit Home Icon
Just chatted with cousins AJ and James Apple for a story on what its like to be on opposite sides of the Cedar Bowl rivalry. Look for it...
Apple CEO Tim Cook reaps 89.6M windfall from longterm deal 
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone
nigga youre named after an apple computer why are you even still tweeting LMFAOO
Apple  Netflix Twitter
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
What part of If Apple brought all their tech to be made in America instead of China thered be jobs enough for both dont you understand
 did I LindaSarsour mention I have 2 balls  a dick  An adams apple the size of NYC hidden by my stinking Hajib LindaSarsour LockHerUp
Apple Watch 3 could launch alongside the iPhone 8  heres what we know 
Da best theme in the city What was the favorite from the Big Apple 
PSA green apple Smirnoff  cranberry juice tastes like a jolly rancher
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode
2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple 
New renders  video picture status bar  software bar on Apple s iPhone 8.
Too many desperate lonely blokes and girls with low self esteem.
What should I get Spotify premium or Apple Music
http goo.glCQryvf Omahas Apple store at Village Pointe will move to new space in the
Squad of Apple car staffers jump ship to selfdriving startup Zoox 
I use coconut oil virgin olive oil  apple cider vinegar as a food or additive to a drink yet ppl use for their body
Pray 4 Love Apple Pie and Antidote
Toshiba chip business sale process continues with Apple backed Bain Capital offering 17.4 billion.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone
Win a pair of Apple AirPods or a copy of CallOfDutyWWII  Enter both Contest  Giveaway Tech Gaming RT
Apple reportedly choosing not to hide sensor notch on iPhone 8s OLED display.
Fair enough. I just cant stand attention seekers pretending to enjoy football for male attention. And this platform is terrible for it.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Matias seeks to fill void left by Apple with new Wired Aluminum Keyboard.
Why does Ann have an Annas apple 
Like a plain actual apple one for like 20 bucks. Idk if this mix up will repeat but damn
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology
iPhone 8 software bar expected to replace Apple s iconic home button with gesture controls.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
TwiKraina  Group of 17 Apple Auto Engineers Join Startup Zoox  Bloomberg
Apple Pay now accepted by Citi Bike bicycle sharing service.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Exactly. And using the word retarded means getting shit from me
Should I switch to Apple Music 
Sandra Bullock alone donated 1 million  Curmudgeonly of you Apple
Appleing behaviour
Apple debuts latest Carpool Karaoke trailers as this weeks episode debuts.
Apple Making Gains in Enterprise Technology
Ugh... Ill look into it. Im guessing itll work through things like Apple TV
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple updates ARKit resources for developers building augmented reality apps.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts MacRumors
The Bluewall is strong so bad apple  cops get protectedawarded much like priests do for the pedophiles among their own.
Apple wins technical Emmy award for Apple TV Siri integration.
if you havve an apple an i havve an apple an wwe exchange these apples then you an i wwill still each havve one apple
Apple invites developers media to Cupertino HQ to showcase ARKit apps.
MY APPLE ID FINALLY WANTS TO ACT RIGHT.
mashable How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Apple Inc. AAPL Stock Touches New AllTime High 
Apple stores in Nebraska and Pennsylvania reopening this weekend.
Can Apple Music have a night mode like twitter does
Apple  Accenture Team on iOS Enterprise Apps
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch you must first create the universe.
I cant even get play by play now. It was probably all that honesty about Apple . Anyways just watching the numbers. Soon.. cwhartofdixie .
Tim Cook said that donations combined with Apple employee contributions have raised more than 1M in Harvey relief
Pentagram Jony Ive Create UltraMinimal Designed By Apple In California Tome 
Amazon Prime Video Apple TV app may not be ready for September launch.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Not trying to create. You offered an opinion be prepared to have it shared Thats Twitter
Its simply a granted design patent for old lady glasses with sensors on the sides. Apple would fire anyone who filed a design like this.
New 18core Intel Xeon W processors likely to be used in Apple s iMac Pro.
My daughter has a apple in her hand and Im eating one and she wants mine momlife
How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone .
Yeah she used to have an adams apple coulterisnuts
Copied another Apple feature Not surprising.
Apple literally has a bunch of dumb asses working for them cant even explain their own promotions fucking idiots
I feel that Amazon should tell their employers to stop sending people emails pretending to be Apple . Its clearly not working.
Apple adds support for WeChat Pay in China.
My free trial of Apple Music expires today Im
Apple wasnt being paid prime Darrelle Revis money
Translation Tim Cook says that Apple has raised over 3 million dollars simply to stuff it in a ball hole called The American Dead Cross.
Wel not from directly from apple
apple is crap i dont buy things for my phone from them i just use 3rd party shit
Apple
Listen to Fallacy on Apple Music NowPlaying Metal
Correction Alewife area damn T stops...lol
 APPLE BLOSSOMS  Apple picking season has arrived Grab a beautiful print of my  Apple 
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
MacRumors Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
TopNewsNow Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Sorry to bust your flat boobs and adam apple . None of this crap is gonna happen.
Roughs With The Smooths Project Out Now On iTunesAmazonGoogle Play Apple Music and Soundcloud. Support Your Bro. 
Apple is garbage
99c Lose Yourself..  A TOUCH OF PASSION  USAToday ASMSG TW4RW IAN1 AToP Apple
Rotten apple .
Debeer Replacement Watch Strap  Crocodile Grain  Pink  Fits 38mm Apple Watch... 
I ordered a new Macb ook charger on AMAZN and I tried to order an off brand one in black cause I didnt have money for an apple 1
Ill take the apple
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
My phone keeps messing up... I think Apple is trying to tell me something
And Im getting my Apple Watch from a friend at 12 tomorrow
Sorry Apple TV  RokuPlayer Ultra is faster and better
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Keep Your Apple Id Rather Have Wine  S... by Lone Star Kit....
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
How AR could totally change the Apple App Store 
Apple iPhone 8 Wont Stop Market Share Loss IDC  Investopedia
not necessarily apple was but i wouldve taken ramsey earlier and hargreaves in that range. it was a rough learning year but high ceilings
I liked a YouTube video
Your receipt from Apple  6.67Wendys
it feels so good to heave eaten more than half an apple
Apple make it so we can leave FaceTime messages like voicemail 
They learned from their Daddy. U know what they say about the apple
I want to taste the apple . I want to bite the electric tigers tail and ride it until the end of the mother flipping line.
Reviewing a pair of fake apple air pods fakeapple fakeairpods airpods appleairpodsreview
My Apple Watch called 911 while I was working out.. it knew I was dying. LOL
Already knew Apple pledged 2 million over the weekend. Since then customers and employees matched 21 have raised another 1 million.
John Edmund Califano American 1862  1946 Children at play w Apple Antique
Youre slating girls in footie tops and theres you with your 32b tits out . Go to bed will you soft shite
shes gonna be on beats 1 radio you can listen to it on apple music
Guess whos getting a FREE Apple Watch tomorrow
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode
Tim Cooks Tricky Problem Over New MacBook Hardware
I know I pay for Apple Music but I still be shocked every time they take 5 from me
How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search
Apple iPhone 5 64GB Black A1429 Sprint MD667LLA
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
http ift.tt2wU2clC  Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
really excited for Apple Day food
Im like 3 seconds away from eating my sorrows away with this apple pie
iPhone 7 ad with The Rock pushes Apple to top of YouTubes July leaderboard with 13M views
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode Recode Apple is about to dramatically
I liked a YouTube video
Hyuna currently trending on Apple Music 
The Big Apple BBQ in Madison Square park is today and tomorrow from 11 a.m.  6 p.m. 9 BBQ plates and there is beer.
LilRonnyMothaF PUT THE SONG ON APPLE MUSIC.
So uhhh who wants to go to the apple orchard this Sunday
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expanding nationwide 
Doggystyle by Snoop Dogg on Apple Music
WOW GOT A CARAMEL APPLE AT THE FAIR... STEPPED AWAY FROM THE COUNTER AND IT FELL OFF THE STICK AND ROLLED INTO THE GRASS
People at school This vodka is the shit Me Apple Juice
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
Its so annoying idk why apple would do that to us
Our Adventures In Cooking  Oat Flour Apple Pancakes OatFlour GermanApplePancakes  
Mobile Tech Living In A Gafa World  Think Of What Google Apple Facebook And Amazon S.. 
Like I said some of them. By no means the majority nor all of them. Please dont try to create beef where there is none.
Nope If your MacBook supports Touch ID so do I 
I might win a Free Apple TV Soon Enter here
Mobimark Labs Specializing in Apple Carplay Acoustics Certification testing Wed Aug 30 164744 2017
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
Eu sou a Apple
apple music put yb in my new music mix playlist as if i didnt buy that album 2 mins after it was out
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode
Fake apple air pod review. apple appleairpod fakeapple airpodreview airpods
apple cheeked hate goblin
New post Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and
Im screaming at apple music staying woke also this flawless list sarah
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Yes they add the new Daoko song on Apple Music
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before ...  Brisbane Times
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before ...  Brisbane Times
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before ...  Brisbane Times
431pm Ram On  Paul McCartney  Ram Apple 
1 week till Im in the apple  really thinking bout not even coming back lol
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone  AAPL
Still I think other otoges were better promoted than Collar x Malice  Bad Apple Wars.
Check out Apple iPhone 6 64GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gold Gray Silver GSM  CDMA Apple
Rumors alarm fans Apple to remove home button in new iPhone
I liked a YouTube video
Can you send me the email I dont use the apple mail app and doesnt look like it will launch airmail
Imagine if we took our spending dollars somewhere else would you care Funny bc more Samsungs are in Mattapan than in Arlington. Apple
Were giving away a pair of Apple Airpod wireless earphones RT  follow us for a chance to win
I liked a YouTube video
I spilled water on my laptop  any help Apple AppleSupport 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
ONLY ROOM FOR ONE CINNAMON APPLE
Remember  the apple or nuts dont fall far from the tree.
Check out Apple iPhone 6 64GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gold Gray Silver GSM  CDMA Apple
In need of a Carmel Apple
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone
Get an apple and youll have the Hanes commercial
Apple s Carpool Karaoke is an utterly unwatchable cry for help.
Lil Pump drop this hoe on Apple Music
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expanding nationwide 
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Biggest Gamble Yet
Apple s iPhone 7  7 Plus top Q2 smartphone market beating Samsungs Galaxy S8
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
netflix pls fix your app on the Apple TV I have to delete and re download it once a day because it gets stuck
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts. I Hate Everything.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I KNOW Google and Apple donated millions to them
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple iPhone 6 64GB
Me Hey Siri whats 57 Siri Chicken
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone  Bloomberg
lost with number or apple id any mail good success here tested service dm us
Aye Copy and paste it from your browser and see if the original still pop up
ideo is there a reason the IDEO method cards app isnt available in the Australian Apple Store
I actually liked my Pebble RIP I dont get why youd want a fitbit watch vs the apple watch if youre an iPhone user or another one
Why Apple s Next Product Launch Is the Most Important in the Companys Recent History
I liked a YouTube video
HEY F.B.I.YEAH YOU THE APPLE DUMPLING GANG AMERICANS HAVE BEEN YELLING FOR HILERYS EMAILES FOR TWO YEARS CUT THE CRAP RELEASE THEM 
Win an APPLE TV and Lifetime Subscription to Awakn TV  its time to Awakn  Enter here
Crisp apple ale ... I hope you catch my drift
Any other iphone users w ios 10.3.3 have severe battery drainage issues Battery was fine until I updated. Fuck Apple .
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
YahooFinance Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology  GOOGL  AAPL
Wednesday Briefing Apple and Google have mobile augmented reality in their sights
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search efforts Cook says  ...... 
Its true... I am
Well how is it trash if so many songs are on the top on apple . xxxtentacion
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Im on Apple Music.
Apple Targets iOS In The Enterprise With Accenture 
apple buy The Hunters Prayer  Jonathan Mostow The Hunters Prayer Jonathan Mostow
Waiting for the 8 or X or whatever they decide to call it. Apple s next iPhone might not have a Home button at all
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Got rid of my Apple Watch because it got a scratch and I couldnt deal with it emotionally
London Mac Repair Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts
Crown Apple  Apple Juice. Boyyyyy.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Mashable Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Use your Macbook Pro or Apple Wireless keyboard as a MIDI controller for LogicPro
Apple iPhone 8 Wont Stop Market Share Loss IDC  A recent IDC report says a sales boost from the iPhone 8 isn...
Heres how Apple will replace the home button on the iPhone 8
Yeah where did everyone think this apple would land Not too far from the stench of her tree
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
No grounds for DD so an election that upset apple cart would probably leave many Senate crazies sitting pretty.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
apple music bro.
Nervous to try something new Dont be Apple Mango Sangria with matcha green tea.
tf apple mean they wont take my head phones if theyre damaged
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology  GOOGL  AAPL
I liked a YouTube video
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology  GOOGL  AAPL
tomorrow itll be on Apple Music
Apple Promises Better iPhone and iPad Apps for Businesses
I have to admit Im mostly an apple pie a la mode or mud pie guy. Not big into berries which rules out most pies. Not a big cake guy tho. 
New Apple Watch band.
Apple This is what we do when the Apple TV goes to sleep and no one bothers to put something on. AppleTV Match 
Your topperforming employee is also a bad apple . How do you manage them hr humanresources mining
Id agree but so did Eli Apple
Tim Cook HurricaneHarvey s impact on Apple and how the company is helping relief efforts
Get fun by finding U new Style LookRev Custom ring Apple 
who told my honey to download Money Bag Yo on my Apple Music
9to5Toys Last Call 15inch MacBook Pro 300 off Leather Apple Watch Band 7 Anker iPhoneiPad Stand 8 more
 Apple seems confident that AR apps will be the next big thing. Dont miss the trend and download our ARapp 
This is What Apple Teaches Us About Investing in Growth Stocks
The 10000 Track Limit Why I Switched from Spotify to Apple Music
The 10000 Track Limit Why I Switched from Spotify to Apple Music
Pan seared chicken breast potato gnocchi with mustard cream sauce kale with bacon and apple .
Apple
I feel like a wedding might happen next season. This would give Tinsley a solid Apple for next season.
I have bruises on my knees from skating and my legs feel like a bruised apple
apple music pls
LFCStanleyHouse LADYINRED1080 Apple Head94 Thoughts
All hail apple product. Hahaha. Padu earphone mcm ni
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Even Apple does it. 
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Why does apple cider vinegar smell like dirty socks  ...but its good for you I guess
I love when my Apple TV stops working for no reason and I get to spend my Labor Day weekend fixing it.
Fine apple or grape vine tree thingy DolDeBie but nice pic
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
B  No That is an apple 
Apple and Accenture partner to create iOS business solutions
often eyes misses traps when there is an apple
I liked a YouTube video
Ladies gents and people with apples for heads i present to you what i think is the WORSE apple scam email ever. 
red red red by fiona apple is a mood
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch you must first invent the universe.
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before new iPhone launch
I dont understand why Apple is taking out 10 for my Apple Music then also taking out another 5 for no reason 
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
It was ass Lol tell me why its 1 on Apple Music
Apple has more money than the goddamn US federal government. rolls eyes
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple is woke 
iPhone8  Gesture controls fully replace the home button new report claims
for the record i think that blank one is piano man by mamamoo but apple music is woke and wont play it 
After Harvey Tim Cook tells Apple employees Theres still much to do
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
When your Apple Pay doesnt work on the tube and people behind you start getting aggro london tube dailystruggles 
Heres The Email Apple CEO Tim Cook Just Sent About Hurricane Harvey  BuzzFeed News
Ive heard of this. With some apple cider vinegar as an attractant.
MLP FiM  Apple Blooms Idea Ponyville Confidential HD
Apple joins Bain consortiums lastminute bid for Toshiba chip unit
Your lack of halo 3 hurts me Apple .
Apple sucks.
Made a few more mason jars of salsa and now apple pie. LetsGo
The Apple store could make make buck for babysitting
its Apple ... P
Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Dont bite the apple 
 Apple has donated two million dollars to Hurricane Harvey relief efforts Oh please. They make that much money in just a few minutes.
When bae doesnt use his brand new Apple Watch so he gives it to you
i can appreciate a freshly made warm apple pie with vanilla ice cream but aside from that yeah give me cake
SKINFOOD bGood Afternoonb Apple Cinnamon Tea BB Cream 1 LightWhitening Effect Poman
Rather suspect that AR Kit is a foundational part of any 3D face lock Apple has built. Rotate the phone around your face to create the key
Why should Apple Zynga pay a lower percentage than working families
100 about to lose my cool at the Apple store thanks for fucking up my repair.
Dame 10
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to
New Apple iPad Pro 9.7 32GB WiFi Only Gold Touch Screen Tablet iOS via eBay
Had to come all they way to the Apple Store cause my phone want to start tripping
Really Apple doesnt fall far from the tree though
Gotta be bc Im on Twitter through the browser. Not the app. lol.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
my mf cinnamon apple 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
U ever seen a nigga apple bobbing in sancocho
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
National mouthpieces have done the figures  come up with 2.88 apples. Scary apple stuff. Markets make policy under National not Labour.
Apple cider vinegar with some dish soap
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
HANG ON THE RYUK I KNOW WOULD NEVER THROW AWAY AN APPLE LIKE THIS 
Upgrade complete... 7 is pretty nice. No 30 month payment plans needed. Thanks to eBay and a great seller. phone iphone7plus Apple
We Cant Stop  Miley Cyrus Boyce Avenue feat. Bea Miller cover on Apple  Spotify
I wait until my Apple Watch is charged to go run bc if I dont log my workout what was the point in doing it
Apple s Tim Cook dumps 54m worth of shares just weeks before new iPhone launch
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
at least thats how I see it. Apple doesnt sell MS computers in their store either lawsuit
Listening to Bayghetton and all can say is my brother XAVBeats done created his own wave.. Droppin on Apple Music Spotify etc tomorrow
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
apple
Our Adventures In Cooking  Oat Flour Apple Pancakes
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology
We must stand strong and come together. The first single from my debut album is available now on iTunes  Apple Music Link in bio 
That hurt And if youve seen how disproportionately huge my Adams apple is youd be like Oooooooohhh
I feel like Apple Music be deleting my music....
Recommended link for everyone Apple or who uses iPhones . Apple says this doesnt exist
Is this a date Smoking fucking then laying in bed naked playing Apple games  IssaVibeTho
Apple
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Buy Cheap 8 2 packPremium Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic  Compatible with apple iPhone 66s7
AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters Wh...
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Dude the new one isnt coming out for dayyyys bc I asked when I went to apple and they told me not until next year sometime
iTunes is over charging me over 20. I call to find out why been on hold Apple 
New post Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
ChickfilA Amazon Apple
I spent 58 minutes working out with Apple Health. 227 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple crumble and custard will always be my fav
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
They are water guns...how are you seeing the old ones
After Harvey Tim Cook tells Apple employees Theres still much to do
Didnt even kno a apple cider slushee existed
The apple doesnt fall too far from the tree. Slay Jay. MakeupByJayLiz BookHer 
Apple Beats Tour White for 38 Canadian 30 USD
Apple do this to me every time
Apple  tree. Anyone who believed Ivanka was actually a moderating influence on this admin was naive. Like her dad shes all about herself.
I just checked in at Apple Retail Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
ur beloved girl spent three hours and 31 minutes healing all her worldly possessions in the apple store today and tbvh feels great about it
Isnt that scotts solo album It hasnt dropped on apple or anything
How to make Apple Bundt Cake with a Caramel Cream Cheese Glaze. dessertrecipes falldesserts
Get ready to learn new swipes and flicks when you use Apple s new highend iPhone
Apple Might Be Getting Rid of the Home Button  Crunch Report
Apple is full of scam artists.
CBS IS the live feature on the app  Apple TV and iOS not working
How did you get real guns anyway I thought Apple changed the emojis to water guns.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12
The Cost Of Iowas Handout To Apple  Los Angeles Times
Amazon. Apple . Google.
I liked a YouTube video
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Squad of Apple car staffers jump ship to selfdriving startup Zoox
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search efforts Cook says
Mrs. GREEN APPLE StaRt
I wish everyone would get rid off Apple Music and Spotify and get Tidal but thats just me
NYCs Citi Bike adds Apple Pay to make bikesharing easier 
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts
New on ebay Brand New Apple iPhone 6s  64GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone
Just walked in the fair and bought a frito bandito funnel fingers and a candy apple  and left. noshame imafatty
APPLE NEWS Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
I liked a YouTube video
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Next girlfriend getting a Apple even if she got the android
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
When buying something online from Apple  leave it in your cart for a few days. Theyll want you to buy it and give you a 1520 discount
Years later Im still not over Skittles changing the Green flavor from Lime to Green Apple
Youre right. Sorry. I hear Fiona Apple and I want to defend her. Duh. Carry on.
17 Apple engineers jump to Menlo Park selfdriving car startup
I do have a smart TV but Im sure its dated much back I guess I cant watch Amazon on tv then unless I keep switching between apple device
RT mashable Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Ummmmmmmmmmm apple sauce
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
Apple Why am I getting charged 1.00 to download a FREE app
FUCK I DONT THINK I HAVE IT BUT I CAN STILL SEE IT USUALLY IF ONLY APPLE HAS AN EMOJI I CANF SEE IT
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Apple
 Stuck on black apple screen after sierra install
Teddy Wilson Essentials by Apple Music Jazz
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
 Stuck on black apple screen after sierra install
ITUNES  APPLE MUSIC
Built a singlepurpose app for Windows seems to be packaged like an Apple product its almost hilarious.
Thats how Apple was started. Its a merger between Eve and Clives DNA
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
I liked a YouTube video
Apple for the teacher. EllaPurrs DelinquentCat Detention backtoschool 
LITechNews  How tech companies are helping with Hurricane Harvey relief Amazon Apple CEO
Could Apple Go Wrong With Its Billion Dollar Content Investment
Will Apple  Samsung bypass their tech Customers left hanging as Utah smartphone fails.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac BIGG APPLE  Apple iMac 21.5  3.06GHz  8GB RAM  500 Major UPGRADES  M
Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Tag shorty who never dated a man for what he had RT Apple Dip  I need this on a shirt.
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
. Apple s TV Plans are Still Stuck in Neutral  Recode  
Apple Crisp Recipe
RakeItUpStreamingParty Apple Music
GOLDEN APPLE  Sharron Sasser
Google Apple face off over augmented reality technology
Sell Philiphines Apple iPhone 7 32GB Black visit
We gone turn up on some apple juice
Feel free to send us a direct message.
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone . The home button will be eliminated in the iPhone8.
Im done lol
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
Rhubarb Apple sauce. Barkhamsted Connecticut
Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
I spent 1 hour and 9 minutes working out with Apple Health. 674 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple still better
Grade 6 Apple IDiTunes account
Apple CoFounder says Tesla is the Next Big Thing Reasons Why Apple CoFounder Declares
I spent 36 minutes working out with Apple Health. 482 calories burned. LoseIt
Eat the apple Phecdia
Id go straight to apple
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search
Wed be happy to help you out Please send us the email address and phone number on your account and well look into this for you.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
I dont need cards what I need is sesame chili oil and apple cider vinegar and sugar and flour and things of that nature
Apple tried to send my mate nugget an emoji that perfectly described him today couldnt do it tho cause there is not nugget emoji DAFUQ
Apple  Amazon google
The Green Apple Mile fruitandvegmovies
Weird. Apple not fallen far from the tree I have not heard of a US school teach GEOGRAPHY. Guess how many know where X is on the map None
3Pack iPhone 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass OBYOBY iPhone 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple ... 
Apple iWatch AppleWatch 38mm 7000 Series Aluminum Grey Rubber Band Watch
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
SmartWatch AppleWatch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP022LLA
Apple Might Be Getting Rid of the Home Button  Crunch Report
You go Tim Cook  Apple  Read letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts
oh I know for sure it wasnt as much I paid 2.50 for an apple and that was cheaper than the water there
RT MacRumors Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
When is apple releasing the new iPhone 
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray Factory Unlocked Smartphone win 
Apple SelfDriving Car Tech Apparently Focused on the Ride Sharing Market
I toasted cinnamon ones  apple ones plain ones  Felt sick Mixin me toasties
Apple give us more data bro
IM SO GLAD I JUST RENEWED MY APPLE MUSIC MEMBERSHIP
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Thank you from The Big Apple  Keep it peaceful  be safe
These things are all relative. Google and Samsung are definitely not as good as Apple at any of those things.
Apple  Accenture Team on iOS Enterprise Apps  Deals  ECommerce Times
because much of tech industry ie all those Apple stories pays little to no tax and doesnt want to go to 20 45s 15 is not happening
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
I hate apple ... click one thing and everything just deletes
Apple Might Be Getting Rid of the Home Button  Crunch Report
Apple Might Be Getting Rid of the Home Button  Crunch Report
apple I hate the folder UX there has to be a better way. imisssteve
Umm. So yeah. I did Brand new Apple iMac 27 replacing my 5 year old iMac. 
Facebook Apple  Amazon
Apple is also happily welcoming Syrian refugees.
People in San Diego if Apple Inc calls you from their UTC store its a scam. The scammers were able to cloak their number under that one
suddenly reminded why Im an andriod user not apple why is downloading stuff so hard
They are fascists I got my Gab account but I need an App. Missed the Apple Store opportunity for download. It dont work so good on iPhone
httpswww. youtube.comwatchvVw6kzw yMXAo   Apple Might Be Getting Rid of the Home Button  Crunch Report by TechCrunch technology news
I liked a YouTube video
Dinner will be black beans with apple sausage over rice. Pretty simple. I am using black Forbidden rice so well draw the curtains.
Oh hey apple  no you can not have this it has too much sugar and you can become hyper.
Heres how Apple will replace the home button on the iPhone 8
I gotta add green apple next time thanks
goldie likes to perch in the apple tree at night. 
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
how am i supposed to listen to old future if his shit not on spinrilla or apple music wtf
Imma need this bentonite clay and apple cider vinegar to come through for my hair.
lmao only if u actually texted
Factory Sealed Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Space Gray via eBay
Ohhhh ... aimt nothing better than golden apple juice and Campari rn
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
After 3 years of drinking apple cider vinegar Im finally at the its bot so bad point. I dont have to have a chaser on standby
It looks so much better Ahhh Spotify and Apple Music are shaking 
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
WHERE DID THE APPLE GO
FancyJ Londons WHIT3 ALBUM is here... available on Apple Music Spotify GooglePlay Amazon
Hacker News  Show HN Health CSV Importer  Import Arbitrary Data into Apple Health
Dont Apple got a billion in cash on hand
Ive officially had DunkinDonuts Apple Cider today. Summer is over Welcome to Autumn.
I just overheard a little girl ask her mom why the Apple Store doesnt sell apples.
I guess BrentASJax and I left the Sun back in The Big Apple ... Welcome to Atlanta where the playas play 
http ift.tt2xNYZR9 Envia con NSI CARGO
We even got to pick an apple for snack time 
The only thing I get from that app are telemarketer calls.
RTmachinelearnbot Learn Apple Watchkit with Swift
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Apple s Human Interface Guidelines for AR is an interesting read
Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief mashable  Read more...
Heres to a perfect early evening stroll around our neighborhood in the big Apple  oh  and ice
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief Lance UlanoffMashable
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Loved by You  Single by KIRBY on Apple Music
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
For Windows Sony Vegas. For Apple  Final Cut Pro.
who tryna buy this apple watch.. 180
My music library setup niiice with Apple Music and EE 30GB holding me down EE AppleMusic WhatATimeToBeAlive BeatsAndDataForDays
Copied from rumors about airpods. Yeah exactly
SO YOURE NOT ON THW JP APP STORE UHHH HANG ON BASICALLY QHAT U HAVE TO DO IS MAKE A NEW APPLE IDITS EASY I SWEAR BUT HAVE IT BE FOR JP
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Netflix Twitter Apple . Gonna miss using Lyft though.
That moment when you learn your Other Half listens to podcasts via the native Apple App and not OvercastFM . Stunned Shocked Confused
Apple takes another step into Microsofts core territory with Accenture deal  CNBC
How tech companies are helping with Hurricane Harvey relief
You may qualify for Apple Health  Medicaid  even if you are an immigrant or refugee. Apply here
I liked a YouTube video
Twitter Amazon Apple
How the hck does a dining hall run out of apple juice Smh unprofessional af
8 Rejected Apple iPhone 8 Design Ideas
Apple Watch
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
MY SWEET APPLE PIE
Shout out to the guy walking down the street and eating a bell pepper like an apple .
iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector Glass Auckly Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 3D Touch ... 
Im picking apples in my yard for Harvest Apple Cake one of 19 cakes bar cookies Love Bites
So my phone is on but i cant see anything i just can feel it vibrate... do i have to go to the apple store or can i go sprint
Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Apple Has Raised Over 3 Million for Hurricane Harvey Relief Efforts
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Ill settle for my discount on the iPhone 7 when yall release this. Lordt be an AmazonWhole Foods discount
nothing pisses me off more with Apple than making a group chat but just bc someone doesnt have an iPhone u cant send it to 20 ppl.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Android and Apple both shut down getongab for the same reasons they will shut down a 3rd party app that allows her type of videos.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Time to start working at Apple Hill
Dont text me youre hungry if you own a 700 IPhone hell eat that apple on the back of it.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Mermaid Pattern Clear Soft TPU Silicone Slim Case Cover Fr Apple iPhone 55S5SE
Tomorrow I will do salsa in 2 weeks I do peaches  pie filling then in Oct I do apple butter applesauce pie filling  cinnamon apples
What should I eat  apple pie
Backtoschool hunt for healthy drinks is on Motts now offers its 100 Apple Juices in convenient pouches ad 
my purse will forever smell like apple jacks
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous 
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
I have a pen I have an apple 
debating what stickers I should put on my laptop but ill feel funny if I put jaehyuns head right by the apple sign
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Watch The Walking Dead Our World AR Trailer Next Games  Mobile on Apple App Store Google Play on YouTube
I liked a YouTube video
Am I the only person who drinks apple sauce
talking to apple support is like at the bottom on the list of things i wanted to do
Backtoschool hunt for healthy drinks is on Motts now offers its 100 Apple Juices in convenient pouches ad
I wasnt sold on Tinsley in the beginning but she turned out to be a great addition. I think with the Scott romance really saved her Apple
Vro when the notification popped up my heart stopped I actually thought apple just took 79 from me smh 
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Hai. Starbucks ada apple cake or any pastries filling with apple tak
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
THIS BITCH look like the apple in my refrigerator its about 20 days old in her case its 20 decades
Why is apple so overpriced
THEN APPLE SLICES
I love candy apple  root beer and cream soda
Apple Music is a joke dont use it just enjoy your life and use Spotify or SoundCloud or whatever
Apple to remove home button in upcoming highend iPhone report says
Display Release on apple CAST
Former Apple engineers sold their smart pill bottle startup to a prescription delivery company 
Judge Rules Texting and Driving Accidents Arent Apple s Fault
Apple s HomePod is coming. Heres what you need to know about smart speakers.
My water bottle still tastes like green apple Smirnoff. College
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search efforts Co... 
Its really sk when twitter suddenly crash  make your phone reboot its fail to. The Apple logo is on your screen for long time. Hope
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
Apple now accepting donations via iTunes for Hurricane Harvey relief efforts  9to5Mac
Show HN Health CSV Importer  Import Arbitrary Data into Apple Health
Apple  Bain Swoop in With LastMinute Bid on Toshibas NAND Flash Business
Custard Apple and Cachiman
Hahaha fucking Seth Could you change it to the the way apple has it and have an iPhone 7 version or no
How Apple s ARKit will change the way you use iPhone apps via Mashable
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous
you came along the time was right Pulled me like an apple red and ripe Wasnt long you took a bite And did me wrong and it serves me right
I finally got a Apple Watch
Try our free app for Jersey Shore Events and Parties on the Apple App Store
Yall got my nonmillionaire ass all the way fuhd up. What yall think this is
Trynna cop an Apple Watch
Want to save on a 2017 iMac Apple is now selling refurbished editions
Dear Apple your chargers suck 
Wow our judges with your best apple dessert recipe at the AppleDays Culinary Contest  Registration deadline 97.
Get ideas on Home Styling with LookRev interior decoration Apple 
Apple iPhone event still up in the air
Fresh apples from our tree homemade apple grande TJTharder 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Forgot about that album. Just downloaded on Apple Music. Thanks for the reminder.
For the love of mother and child can you please fix your phone chargers Apple
Say these 3 magic words bacon apple  pizza Recipe
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous 
i love them all so much but crown my baby my cinnamon apple
Heres The Email Apple CEO Tim Cook Just Sent About Hurricane Harvey
Learn Apple Watchkit with Swift
Sources 17 automotive engineers left Apple for selfdriving car startup Zoox after Apple pared back its autonomous 
New post  Apple refused to produce fully Autonomous cars  media has been published on IfNews24 
i just joked about lizzies intelligence and she said well youre not the brightest apple on the tree thank you for proving me right
me eating hot fresh out of the oven apple pie Oh well we have to die someday
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and ...
Lol RT Apple Dip  Triggered
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Apple Watch Cases For Protection Against Scratches  Bumps
Are you bold Brave Love to stand out in the crowd Our intense Sassy Red Apple is perfect for you. Check it out
She only has one. Why cant ppl believe what they see That apple is still clinging onto that tree. GrifterFamily
I want to be someones cinnamon apple 
Streets First Podcast by A Butta on Apple Podcasts
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Fitbit launches Ionic fitness smartwatch to take on both Android Wear and Apple Watch. Read more
fmlmaddy all he did was point out that if hes a green apple sharpie lookin ass then shes a red apple sharpie lookin ass yall sleep
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Despacito Remix feat. Justin Bieber  Single by Luis Fonsi on Apple Music
If you havent heard my new album plz go check it out it made it to Apple Music new release page ...
You know just eating an apple with the predator francisngannou UFC Performance Institute
Pokmon Go updates Whats new and whats next
Hurricane Harvey Stalls Repair Facilities for Apple  Dell
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
babe made a sammich brought sour cream and onion chips with coke and some apple slices Bless
Me I think they fixed it SisterWho Me Apple SisterYou called them or something Me How do you call Apple ... Its a fruit . Lol
My new fall favorite Crown Apple Mule diageorep crowneroyalapple mulelife
mashabletech After Harvey Tim Cook tells Apple employees Theres still much to do
sur le site apple
Inside Apple s Plan to Give You a New Way of Experiencing the World  TIME
rt mashabletech After Harvey Tim Cook tells Apple employees Theres still much to do
Apple updated my phone  I have a screen repair appt Saturday
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expanding nationwide 
Apple Print Coasters
Apple is about to dramatically change the way you use an iPhone  Recode
Samsungs next stab at Apple Watch lands Wednesday
To you and me my friend but there are many nontechy people out there... cheers 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
Leave a quick doodle at Apple Store check. art sketch draw drawing illustration design artist comic ca 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
LAPTOP GOLF 8 apple walmart  FRUIT TOKYO 8 FRUIT USA bestbuy  korean fruit USA  queen drip EGG HULU   COFFEE NUT TOKYO  ROPE NUT
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.With Ivanka Trumps Blessing White House Ditches Equal Pay Rule  HuffPost
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  A1688  MKT92LLA  Sprint  PLEASE READ
apple apple  dip dip
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Apple maps alternative route yesno should be renamed ghetto time saver gamble
apple
Green tea frappe or black tea with apple juice
Just the Apple podcast app
Apple hits record highs ahead of iPhone reveal.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief 
Amazon Plum Organics Stage 2 Organic Baby Food Apple and Carrot Pack of...
After Harvey Tim Cook tells Apple employees Theres still much to do
I love apple music for making mixes for me 
We Gone See  Single by P. Kellz Now Available On Apple Music For Only 0.99
cgpgrey BradyHaran You do know that the limit of 30 doesnt apply for Apple Pay dont you Ive heard its 10000.
This is our best game so far Download only on iphone
AppleWatch Heres how Apple could boost the smartwatch market  Business Insider
yah i know apple is coming for tv and everything but fuck I hope they reboot friends
I nearly accidentally bought a return to Brighton I was only just looking at how much it cost and nearly Apple Pay bought the ticket omg
Apples recolor art apple
Apple event reportedly scheduled for September 12 to debut iPhone 8 iPhone 7s LTE Apple Watch and 4K Apple TV
Google and Uber alums have created a doctors office thats like an Apple Store meets Westworld  and its expan
the storms impact is felt by all of us. highly appreciated of your letter Apple Harvey
Tell me why I just saw a Granny Smith apple roll down the sidewalk into a sewer grate
Apple iPhone event set for September 12th  TechCrunch
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Lmfaoo they need to do one to  I was told by Apple care
 Apple to remove home button in upcoming highend iPhone report says via CrunchGear
LOVE Fiona Apple . Whats not to like 
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Too bad you couldnt tweet it out until you got in WiFi cause Sprint service sucks Worst service in the industry
Superman  Single by P. Kellz Now Available On Apple Music For Only 0.99
sum1 lemme use their wvu email so i can continue to get the student discount on apple music. i cant remember alexs info  mine doesnt work
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
NowPlaying Apple Blossom  From The Hateful Eight Soundtrack by The White Stripes
Apple the real Jugg King. Watch they drop the 7s and 7sPlus and not an 8 until next year sometime
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey
Am I guaranteed life insurance with this iPhone Oh I get it this iPhone is about to protect me from the next zombie apocalypse...
Why Apple s New HighEnd iPhone Should Be The iPhone 8  Forbes
20170831 0833
Yeah. I mean water tastes better with Scotch in it but apple cider vinegar Man that theres a line in the sand I just aint gonna cross.
If I reboot thru Apple TV....yea it solves most issues true.
Id like to know what feature in this app supports Apple Wallet while were at it too.
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Google Apple Twitter. Chick Fila what a joke
Spoil You  Single by P. Kellz Now Available On Apple Music For Only 0.99
Apple does not allow screen casting in iOS. You can still cast from apps like Netflix and YouTube. gHelp
when Apple sends your laptop to their repair center in Houston to get fixed and apparently loses it in the flood
Read Tim Cooks letter to employees about how Apple is contributing to Harvey relief
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts
Hey daddy that was my apple  she sticks her tongue out before stealing a piece of bacon from your plate and quickly munches on it 
NEW ITEMS 4 apple pie and 4 peach crumble pie will be available tomor...
Because I signed with Apple Music not SoundCloud
Any apple fan here Need help with a purchase decision  iphone 7 256GB vs future iphone 7s 32GB
Tim Cook pens employee email in wake of Hurricane Harvey says Apple has donated 2M to relief efforts  9to5Mac
You have Apple Music You listen to Janine the mixtape or Sinead Harnett
Apple Cider Vinegar and Strawberry ACV DietPenney from Gardendale
you better believe Im ready for some pumpkin patches corn mazes and sweaters and leggings and apple cider and Im soooo excited for fall
Like warm apple pie
Im glad I bought an Apple Watch Series 2 with that 399 instead.
Apple pie flavored oreos was a mistake
How to shoot stills while filming on iPhone 7  Apple 
Sony released a Googlepowered home assistant that costs less than Apple Home.
Best time of the year Im already done with pumpkin spice everything and Apple cider.
Kicking off NCWineMonth w 15 Chard from ZimmermanVineyards  Creamy Pear  apple  Delicate NCWine DrinkLocal GotToBeNC 
apple will release the iPhone8 on September 12th. 
I recently moved from Windows after 20 years using it. I can affirm that Apple is light years better in stability and user experience.
Hi Thx for reaching out. Sorry to say that story is not on Apple News but so glad you enjoyed it
Media invites have gone out for Apple s annual iPhonecentric event that will be held on Tuesday September 12 at 10
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Derrick rose took his girl to Beijing and guys that try talking to me cant even take me to apple bees
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
rdrakea Lets try to unpair your Apple Watch and pair it again heres how
same happened to me with my warranty problem last year. I was pleased.
How about you donate your own personal And instead of funding allegedly anti hate left wing grps Apple shld give 2 HurricaneHarvery 
Prob bc I hate your Apple Watch...... there I said it
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98
Apple Factory Unlocked
Apple Factory Unlocked
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
I call him a babys arm holding an apple with one eye
Apple and fenty beauty are gonna be the death of my paycheck
Real snot blower Annie Laughing so hardAnnie Apple s twitter
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Come get your caramel apple pops at tonights came 50 cents each 
Apple faces 506m patent dispute payout investorseurope technology
Was recommended last week to OSHA from an Apple Store manager in Scottsdale. Got here during lunch and was able to 
apple
It was every June we where at the Apple store having to have laptops fixed well now weve moved on to tv trouble every September.
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
no racism in police forces though says other police wanting us not to face the root of the problem but treat it as a one off bad apple 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 2015 21.5 IMac 2.8GHz Core I5 1TB 8GB MK442LLA  A Grade  Warranty
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Stunna Boy he eats apple
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Desktop  5k retina display 27in late 2015 16gb RAM. 3.3 GHz 
First kiss brand new apple from the U of MN. Very limited quantities. upnorthmn rainingday uofmn apple fisrtkiss 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 Desktop with 4K Retina Display 3.0Ghz MNDY2LLA July 20
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Retina 5K 27 MK462LLA Intel Core i5 3.2GHz 8GB 1TB HDD Desktop
Apple could buy Disney and pay in cash.
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Ever see a sample of a bad Yelp review on apple mapsget sucked into the story like Oo what did Wendy at IHOP do but then it gets cut off
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch via NewsfusionApps Science News
yo i got Im single because of the depression where can i sue apple
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Youll FALL for my hearty healthy recipe Apple Freekah Salad w Ancho Honey Vinaigrette AD NOWFoods NOWwellness
Cell phone you would recommend thats not Samsung or Apple
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98
First BIGGBYCOFFEE Hot Apple Cider of the season. Not the last.
This is why people are so eager to see ARMbased Mac hardware. Intel cant keep up with apple s inhouse chip designers
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch  Mashable
Apple confirming the rumored date and location of Sept. 12 at the new Apple Park campus.
Have fun and stay safe
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98
Winner of the gold medal in the New Apple Summer ebook contest and the silver medal in the Readers Favorite...
Ohhhhhh shi ready to work Apple now daddi
PUMPKIN CIDER IS BACK Spicy sweet pumpkin and crisp apple cider perfect for cool fall days and
Apple could buy Disney and pay in cash.
Would you support a flat tax Or is the only solution to get more from the wealthy While 45 of population pay zero...
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
i hate spotify i want apple music back
Product details of Metal Magnetic USB Charging Data Cable for Apple iPhone iPad Descripition  Magnetic...
ok then theres gonna be those dumb ass people who try and weigh ridiculously heavy objects break their phones then complain to apple
Apple pie is everything
a crab apple just landed like 3 meters away from me... I JUST HAD A NEAR DEATH EXPERIENCE
Apple shifts Siri oversight to software boss Craig Federighi via axios
WHAT I THE GOAL OF PPL THAT WNT TO HERE THIS TRUMP ROTTEN APPLE HAS 2 SAY
Apple shifts Siri oversight to software boss Craig Federighi via axios
I thought my Apple Watch was modern but Bullseye had it in 85. BullysSpeedboat bullysbanter 
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Apple  Craig Federighi  Siri  Eddy Cue
Why cant I listen to reckless by moneybagg on my Apple Music
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
why isnt macadelic on apple music anymore 
I am 100 done with Apple they actually disabled my account for no apparent reason.
Big Apple represents HoustonStrong
Lets try to unpair your Apple Watch and pair it again heres how
How to handle iOS11 big Lock Screen change
OROBAY Apple Watch Band 38mm 42mm Stainless Steel Milanese Mesh Loop Magnetic Closure
my phone is being extra slow and laggy okay apple i get it the iphone 8 is around the corner and you want me to get it
Impromptu trip to the apple orchard lead me to this hat that perfectly matched my outfit 
AR is on the brink of a breakout thanks to new platforms from Google  Apple  DigitalMarketing SEO
Look at Saint Nick lookin like a Christmas apple on Christmas Day i know it doesnt make sense roll with it 
Apple and peanut butter is everything right now healthy HealthyEating snacks iwantchocolate ineverwantchocolate apple peanutbutter
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Martinellis apple juice 
apple pops and a movie after dinner 
Bad apple SLCPD . Hope the whole country gets to see whats in the barrel. Shameful.
Apple TV Giveaway
I was so sad NO APPLE CARE. Thank gosh the apple guy hooked me up with a new phone  an otterbox.
Erm dont want to upset the apple cart or anything but Finbarr is a pretty standard Irish boys name
they cant even cut a damn apple without having their knife censored
Its finally here Get DESTINY 2 on iTunes for 9.99 or on Apple Music if you have a membership
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
The apple event better be worth it.
Apple is competing with Netflix over Jennifer Aniston drama series
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its heading for an IPO 
Its finally here Get DESTINY 2 on iTunes for 9.99 or on Apple Music if you have a membership STG TooSmoove LOVE 
Z has been taken off Apple Music Pandora and Spotify  for WEEKS. Keep playing with my emotions sza new music is cool but I Z
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Clikia 7 days FREE 
Apple  Craig Federighi  Siri  Eddy Cue
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Bill Gates Creating Microsoft vs Apple Steve Jobs  Life
Rumor iPhone X is the name of Apple s gamechanging new iPhone
What a weird world when Google is evil and Apple is good.
Apple  Craig Federighi  Siri  Eddy Cue
New glimpses of Apple s spaceship campus 
Happy Friday Lovies Check out my newbie ONTHEBLOG reviewing the Green Apple Brightening
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
Aged in American oak StrewnWinery chard is creamy with Hints of coconut cream and green apple . Perfect with roast chicken vqa vintages 
I want warm apple cider and Robbie.
Leaked Apple document shows how iPhone service eligibility is determined
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
iPhone 8 Specs Everything We Know About Apple s Next Big Phone  TIME
No thank you AppleSupport  I communicated with you for days then Apple rep on phone said tough luck about my defective battery. No help
It has but you can have occasional differences from Samsung to HTC to LG  various models etc. where Apple is iPhone.
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch  Mashable
Apple will have a tough time dictating 4KUHD movie prices
I drink apple juice or fruit juice everywhere I go
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Welcome September fall leaves apple cider candles boots scarves and sweaters Ive
Please RT beauty Apple Streusel Cinnamon Bread
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif 
Thats fine. But Apple s users trust Apple more than Apple seems to trust itself. Very odd.
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
No thats Apple Weather. Its more the CNBC of weather apps. Specific and hardly relevant.
Apple Music doesnt work on my iPhone here in tanzania why
just tried a fuji apple for the first time and SHIT THESE BITCHES ARE SO GOOD OH MY GOD
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif Leswin
What Apple does today is force their users to guaranteed bad actors. They could offer alternatives but wont accept the responsibility.
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif
Apple actually has the worst customer service ever. Never getting an apple product again
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif 
I liked a YouTube video
Thank you espn and Apple for making my man cave better than any sports bar Football sports mancave 
Apple s next iPhones could be called the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
Im mad asf Z isnt on Apple Music anymore I didnt get a chance to fully appreciate it
Hey DunkinDonuts when are you going to start selling apple cider HappySeptember
My apple music app isnt working when is midnight wave starting  TheRyanAdams Help
google uber airbnb cisco amazon facebook apple Technology should solve problems in stead of creating them as is often the case now.
Visualize U dream home design w LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Apple s new Greater China and People VPs join Leadership ranks Federighi takes over Siri  9to5Mac
Changes to Apple exec bio page show that Craig Federighi is now in charge of Siri instead of Eddy Cue Kif 
KRYSTAL FACTallergic apple but her love it
Bad Apple ..
Sorry apple
i think im switching to spotify just because i think apple music streams doesnt count in the sales but apple aesthetic tho
shingo sawatari was eating his delicious sweet milk apple berry pie with honey. suddenly he became really horny while eating his scrumptiou
Apple is announcing a new iPhone 8 things to know 
I spent 30 minutes working out with Apple Health. 410 calories burned. LoseIt
Repost theegoogoo getrepost  MaryMaryS6 FinalSeason Apple Ridge Hill
Could this be the last Apple iPhone you ever buy jmbrandonbb
Apple hits record high but leaves some investors in dust  Reuters
Is it better to buy a MacBook at Best Buy or the Apple Store
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch  Mashable
I spent 34 minutes working out with Apple Health. 648 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 1 minutes working out with Apple Health. 4 calories burned. LoseIt
There are only two entries in my dictionary for inimitatable Your mothers apple pie and my skill.
The iPhone 8 is sooooo ugly yo Apple what were you thinking
Nice Apple iPhone 77 Plus66S6 S Plus Wireless Earbud Mini Twins Stereo Bluetooth
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair ...  Business Insider
Best Apple iPhone 77 Plus66S6 S Plus Wireless Earbuds Mini Twins Stereo Bluetooth
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair ...  Business Insider
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair ...  Business Insider
Apple ginger ale marinatedglazed pork chops and curried risotto. foodporn nomnomnom
Apple headquarters is obviously moving to Prague  the capital of Czechia... apple AppleEvent prague 
No the main white one with the Apple logo
Apple s ARKit aims to beat Googles ARCore in the race to make AR mainstream
TwitterNews Just the news Please Artist Andre pace shows in 2017 big apple 3 art exhibit within the boyer art foundation .NYC arts.
Todays Awesome Tip for Writing Product Descriptions Courtesy of Apple
What are we supposed to do with these videos showing bad apple  cops. I fully realize they are not the norm...
I need to go to Albertsons and buy more caramel apple pops Im eating my last one
Bill Gates Creating Microsoft vs Apple Steve Jobs  Life
Im really gonna go to college just for the 5 Apple Music smh
Some1 come over and bake apple pie with me plss
Leaked Apple document shows how iPhone service eligibility is determined
Im selling my Apple Airport Expres for 30. Click to buy it from 5miles app.
Tidal or Apple Music
Oh hell yes. It is an unopened container of APPLE JUICE. You thought you were all out. It is like fucking christmas up in here.
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Apple  Google y Facebook critican a Trump por posible fin de DACA
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch 
HELLO PERFECT APPLE .
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Bill Gates Creating Microsoft vs Apple Steve Jobs  Life
It doesnt make sense that I was otp w Apple for 3 hours and they wasnt even the problem the bank was
The iPhone 8 Conspiracy Charity Scams For Hurricane Harvey
Apple iPad 2 MC769LLA Tablet  iOS 716GB WiFi Black 2nd Generation  Certified
And heres whats really tragic guess how Netflix makes its shows Data. Apple will still be behind. But well see how it all pans out.
You can shake an apple off and apple tree
my nigga ahmad on apple music now so proud
Apple and JP Morgan Under Fire for Giving Millions to HardLeft Hate Group Southern Poverty Law Center
Its not even on Apple Music tho they need to catch up AppleMusic hello fix this
1st Apple bout as if not worse as Halle Berry with a coming soon now this ohmygoodness
Girl I got Apple Music
were Apple IIE buddies only used it for digdug pac man  where in the world is carmen san diego
Dig. Asian pear dry apple cider yeast.  Drinking a True Gemini Tired Hands General Store 
Berkshire takes huge bite of Apple  boosts airline stakes  Reuters
Ok I def NEED the pink Apple watch
Apple  Inc.s iPhone 8 Launch Event What to Expect
Shawty apologized so shes my cinnamon apple again 
Well see. If theres an alternative to what others are doing Apple will always take it in an effort to protect its customers. If thats
OpenBox Certified Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
Why cant you leave FaceTime voicemails by now Apple what are you waiting for hun
finally
I see the moron apple doesnt fall far from the tree. EricTrump CNN
What is z taken off of apple music it has ruined my life relatively
Apple Pencil Unboxing  Review This video is intended for legal cannabis patients  adults. Legal Rhode Island
And apparently verizon insurance doesnt cover that
Apple  Craig Federighi  Siri  Eddy Cue
Apple s entire original content strategy.... Last resort. Apple didnt want to make content. They backed themselves into a corner.
Release iEvents  new apple event Respring logo
Critics of Apple s Waukee data center fail to see the big picture
Holland and Barrett are doing buy one get one half price on Apple cider vinegar gals
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch  Mashable
Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event  The Verge
Apple considers Hollywoods Culver Studios for its content projects Brittany A. RostonSlashGear
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief Reuters Company News
Free Space.  APPLE FIX PALU Specialist khusus Apple produk Instagram benkbenkVayo 
I just be cheap as hell Im not paying 10month for Apple Music... tf.. for what
Nah Im going apple this weekend.
Can You Leave The IPhones Home Button Behind  apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET...
apple Acknowledges iOS 10 Backup Security.... technologyfacts spygadgets hrtechnology
Breaking News  Apple Seeds macOS High Sierra Developer Beta 9 ...
LabyrinthX
Huh. Apple Store doesnt appear to be putting prices next to hardware...I guess if you have to ask its too expensive.
Have you heard of opal Apple  Does it need 10 years of regulations
My Favorite Hat is APPLE HAT SUPERFRAN
Video Everything you can do with the Apple Pencil...
New Apple Iphone 6s A1688 Rose Gold 16gb Unlocked 4G Gsm Smartphone
Steak scramble with garlic and blue cheese over ricr two slices of French toast an apple and a nectarine... I think that was it. 
Another delicious trip to rcreamery Nelson had the Apple dumpling
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone
Fr though that hook honestly sounds good when that shit going on apple music
Apple s competitors will always be able to trump Apple here. And to a degree thats fine. But long term it hurts them.
design Just the news Please Artist Andre pace shows in The new york boyer art foundation  Big apple 3 exhibition of artist 2017
Apple Finally Reveals iPhone 8 Keynote Date  HYPEBEAST
Apple s next iPhones could be called the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
We liked Apple s Zoox name  its driverless car and were dismayed at its core set of engineers departing this week
Saya suka video YouTube
But I may not make an apple pie.
I used to always buy a candy apple when I shot a game at Commerce. Cant beat it.
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Please RT iphone ipad mac Poll Apple Should Help FBI Unlock Terrorism Suspects iPhone
The product I am using to cure Jeffs fin rot eSHa 2000 KILLED my Apple snail Reginald.
my Apple Watch is always telling me to stand up but Id much rather lay on the couch
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98
Easy Apple Snacks for Kids
My Food business links on
lol i switched from spotify to apple music bc im blind as fuck and need the large text
Apple s Watchoriented fitness lab tops 66000 hours of data 10000 subjects
Apple s next iPhones could be called the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
How do i get free apple music
Only see like 4 songs from herbo on Apple Music
Release iEvents  new apple event Respring logo
ELEMENTS 1 TB UNBOXING AND SETUP REVIEW WD MY CLOUD APPLE WATCH SERIES 2 via
Apple Has Something in the Air
i took it to apple at kirkwood and they fixed it thank you though
sweet apple is the best Arizona I ever tasted
Yes called moon in the apple App Store
Apple has changed since his passing. You also used to be able to use your already downloaded songs as ringtones too.
Sounds like someone who loves Apple . No shame in it. I agree.
He sounds like that woman who was screaming in the Apple store trying to get some Apple care
spotify and apple music will never relate
I get through phone chargers so fast come on apple sort your priorities out
Hillary gave Adam the apple also
Lemme show you where its at boys...Feelin Myself is now available on iTunes  Apple Music
I liked a YouTube video
httpwww. clictune.com4zMr 189  Apple AirPods couteurs sans fil  Bluetooth  Lightning
 I think I want an Apple Watch
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its heading for an IPO
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
Surprised we havent heard from BillGates WarrenBuffett Apple JeffBezos Has anyone seen donations for Hurrican Harvey Victims from them
Excited to break out my bad apple hoodie  sucks I lost my tanks when I moved
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Apple  yo
Great song Sam Outlaw  Tenderheart  UNDER THE APPLE TREE  YouTube
Bill Gates Creating Microsoft vs Apple Steve Jobs  Life
Oohh isnt it funny that a person will eat when theyre hungry but will duck if you throw an apple at their face
the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair your iPhone  Business Insider
Bill Gates Creating Microsoft vs Apple Steve Jobs  Life
Apple USBC to USB Adapter Networking
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Spotify rethinks video just as Apple preps a billiondollar onslaught of original content
Green Skittles taste like apple and I am still not over it. howdareyou
Send Videos and PreMade Notes in Apple s iMessage Great article BombBomb
Why Big Tech  Apple  Google Is Scaling Back on SelfDriving Cars.
Fun FoodFact  The word pomegranate means  apple with many seeds. 
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief Reuters Company News
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief Reuters Technology
Portmeirion POMONA dinner plate Hoary Apple Wall Clock 10 12 made in Britain
Thermomix Apple and Cinnamon Custard
Thank God for ESPN app on Apple TV. Pouring rain has killed Directv. Cant watch Red SoxYankees but Ive got CFB And wine
In the shortterm Apple s AR is likely to see stronger consumer and developer adoption
Leaked Apple document shows how iPhone service eligibility is determined
Honestly nothing makes me happier than the Apple Fest
Everything Apple if you want ease of use and are technologically challenged like me.
The apple pie ones appear to have graham cracker flavored cookies.
Once they hit a temperature that renders them edible by humans McDonalds apple pies are a first rate product.
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its
The impotent rage of a Sheanderthal with a barren womb  an Adams Apple . This is why her subspecies is doomed for extinction.
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
North Carolina is absolutely beautiful. Hitting up a brewery and the Apple festival after a long drive.
Wish her music was on Apple Music
A look inside the underground Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event
Apple juice trading closed on Monday...bummer
APPLE THANK YOU
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Keep Your Apple Id Rather Have Wine  S... by Lone Star Kit....
i literally cancelled my Apple Music and switched to Spotify solely for the purpose of streaming havana
Are you dating Apple maps
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Roku Competitor to Google Apple  Files for IPO 15.1 Million Subs
Apple releases macOS High Sierra developer beta 9
Ive been out since I cant watch without cable on my Apple TV. This makes me less sad about not watching. Ugh.
1 step closer to my love..... Ill see you in December. iphone8 iphoneX iphone apple
Hate Apple Music
I liked a YouTube video
September 12. iPhone. Apple Watch. Yey
So like I got this Apple Watch but it hasnt made me any friends yet
Apple announces Simi Valley store to permanently close on September 15th
iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Design Secret  Forbes
someone get my girl madisites some chocolate flowers  an apple watch bc shes cramping sad  broke
Apple Music have all of the old school music I like love it
Leaked doc shows what is  isnt covered in Apple s iPhone warranty repairs...
So I farted in an apple store and everyone got mad so I said too bad they dont have windows
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Apple is too advance for me. 
Cant add card to Apple Pay
RT TechREDEF Everything you can do with the Apple Pencil appleinsider
Apple seeking space in Hollywood hub Culver Studios
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its heading for an IPO
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
apple cider vinegar weight loss apple cider vinegar benefits
Apple TV 4th Generation 64GB Digital HD Media Streamer Price 199.00 View and Buy this ... MediaPlayer
If apple  google and facebook are pro daca somethings wrong with it
lol thats dope. i made a halfserious joke about hosting a selfie workshop earlier this year but silly going through with it
Apple AppleSupport im looking forward to seeing cellular ONOFF button in notification toggle after the screen rotation button. ios11
Heres some cute doggos to try help you forget the broken apple watch 
Apple  Watch exercise lab collected more data on activity and exercise than any human performance study in history
Apple Music  Spotify Premium
so I guess Apple stays in business literally by getting at people early so they get used to apple s way of doing things
red building iss a phone numberÎ¾
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Spotify rethinks video just as Apple preps a billiondollar onslaught of original content
Apple s new Greater China and People VPs join Leadership ranks Federighi takes over Siri
Vremi Apple Peeler Corer Slicer Machine with Vacuum Suction Base  Cast Iron ...
it is like comparing Apple to Orange totally different situations. Dont like the article sorry
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 21.5 Inch iMac A1311 2.5ghz I5 12gb RAM 500gb HD OS 10.11 El Cap
Netflix Twitter Facebook etc. All collecting and analyzing Apple s users data to improve. On Apple s own platform.
 Apple .B debut 1 august company GH Entertainment song woochuchu mv
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
If there were a way to analyse data without Apple itself having access to that data Î¾ la iMessage maybe that could be a route
Last weekend we had Sr. Apple officials at ExciteRiverside speak on product design  love. this isnt RIP Juicero
Unless you have this Apple Watch band you still have something to strive for 
Apple MacBook Air 13.3Inch Laptop
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Apple MacBook Air 13.3Inch Laptop
Apple wouldnt even replace the hot swollen and defective battery that was disabling my trackpad and AppleSupport was waste of time
Anyone elses Apple Music tapjoy offer not pay out
Offically own part of WWE and Apple 
Ok timcook I see what its like. Apple is releasing a new phone now my 7 locks and restarts by itself
hii follow meh   Okay Apple lol
Yeah Rejailbreaking failsit was not Enabling the Jailbreak just getting Stuck on Apple Logo every time.Can you help me
Apple Infinite Loop just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
My phone is about to implode on itself...that new Apple joint cant come soon enough
Malapit na yung September Apple event new iPhone for the rich and the famous na naman
yes and Apple should take note for the iPhone 8s ginormous price.
When I come back to Crown apple I realize how much Ive missed it
I spent 32 minutes working out with Apple Health. 250 calories burned. LoseIt
Labor Day Apple Deals Save on iPhone 7 iPad Pro Beats Belkin Accessories and Philips Hue
These sweet puppies LOVE chillin under the apple tree with their
I spent 11 minutes working out with Apple Health. 71 calories burned. LoseIt
CHEERS TO THAT I love my Apple Products. The only thing I would change about Apple is the whole gif thing. The App is amazing.
Hi Apple I booked a Genius Bar appt but cant remember what time it is  how do I check No email proof please help
Apple TV
First apple teacher badgeDONE check my review at
Had a great convo with our maintenance guy about the merits of apple sauce as a snack. Walked into the office to this treat fruitsations 
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Mommy got u a big box of apple jacks
The best Apple ARKit projects ahead of iOS 11s release
If thats the case they should pull the Apps over 90 of their users use. Apple is happy to be complicit but not to offer real alternative
Apple TV
Apple reportedly bidding for rights to produce TV drama starring Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
So a private business dealing before being elected is now collusion Better start rounding up the CEOs of Nike Intel Reebok Apple ...
While Apple doesnt have an official presence at IFA Berlin its partners do and look to have some interesting...
try apple cider vinegar for 3wks
Goes to Novi rehearsal gets cancelled goes to Apple Bees with cast.
Trademark reveals unsurprising news that Apple Pay Cash headed to Europe as well as U.S.
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its
New post Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Apple s next iPhones could be called the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
Say pears and apple in tandem 36
More OLED iPhone 8 components surface as video claims to show likely fake Apple leather case
Apple iWatch New AppleWatch Series 2 42mm Space Grey Aluminum Black Sport Band MP062LLA NEW
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Me and my love bug making apple crisp on a crisp day. momlife 
Just had to go to the Apple store in Williamsburg to buy a new one. 86 down the drain on top of my 200 deductible for a new phone. Sheesh
SmartWatch AppleWatch Series 2 38mm Rose Gold  Magnetic Charger  Wall Plug
lucahjin AttackingTucans Right so the best things I recommend making with gold would be a golden apple and a clock.More in the picture 
apple needs to fix that pronto. what kind of fuck shit
what the hell is this clickbait on my clock go hide in pen pineapple apple pen
Report Apple s next flagship is the iPhone X or Edition not the iPhone 8
why does a 12 year old need a iPhone 7 Plus and an Apple Watch
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98 ...
Apple MacBook Air MD711LLB 11.6Inch Laptop 4GB RAM 128 GB HDDOS X Mavericks Certified Refurbished
Apple MacBook Air MD711LLB 11.6Inch Laptop 4GB RAM 128 GB HDDOS X Mavericks Certified Refurbished
Apple Shifts Responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Aapl nasdaq 100 0.46 5 988.14 0.01 035
Mills the color of milk after you eat the apple jacks
I need apple support asap smh.
I can try to pass it along to a few folks. Can you send me an email with all info
Green apple martinis
http bit.ly2gqwL7N Technology Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event  The Verge 
This apple pie good minus the apples
Every time Apple comes out with an update or a new phone... my phone ALWAYS starts tweakin
Major Apple casemakers updating internal SKUs to iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
Apple s new headquarters could cost 2 billion more than planned report says  The Mercury News
i bought a 3000 dollar laptop and i have to pay 60 just to plug stuff into it fuck apple dude
The again maybe you licensed one 
I got the lyrics from Apple Music
Ah nice. Did u see the new Apple 8  are you gonna sell the new Apple Car
And swift is 3 yrs old as of June 2 unless you worked on it at Apple prior to that. Ditto on the z
TECH NEWS Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Apple Family Reunion 
Sorry you were banned from the Apple Store.
KubiLive Apple is set to officially announce the iPhone 8 on September 12 2017
Apple iTunes affiliates can now get paid in App Store and iTunes Store credit
Apple iPhone 7 Plus a1784 32GB Black Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished
Jeg likte en YouTube video 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus a1784 32GB Black Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished
Mashable Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Ive been shopping around for a streaming service by using limited time free access. Apple Music sucks  I dont know why people hype it up
Think Sept 12th Apple can admit mistakes present usable laptops find a nonJI aesthetic Probably not but Id trade mm for reliability.
iPhoneUpdate  Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
my free apple music ran out and i need to wait for EE to text dad the link for his 6 months so im being barbaric and using spotify
Yep theyre sending that money to the wrong shores
real text from my mom Read about how to remove a wart with apple cider vinegar. A blogger i like called Cheeseslave.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
Apple IPod Nano 7th Generation 16GB Blue MD477LLA A1446 Grade C IPod Only Price 76.99 View and ...
scibiowarriors If I eat an apple how many cells of carbs protein nucleidic acid and lipid will be broken down
360WiseNews  Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret
Apple s VMI Guide shows what is and what isnt covered by the iPhones warranty
London Mac Repair Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
So whats the alternative route to Apple collecting and analyzing more data
I am SO fed up with technology today. Like my phone is acting a fool out of NOWHERE. Wtf Apple .
The Apple event invite TOTALLY contains hidden iPhone 8 secrets
My APPLE heart 3
Why is everyone talking about an iPhone 8 Wouldnt apple be unveiling the iPhone 7S
ReTweet  ENTER to WIN Earhoox or Apple AirPods Giveaway Competition Sweepstakes Contest
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
ChiefKeef no Apple Music
What Do You Got on Apple Music
Thats unfortunate. I hate green Apple flavoring.
Got apple cider cause tis the season my nigga
she has big teeth she could eat an apple through a tennis racket.
SOS someone send me Apple Cider I have yet to find any in FL. Please please please and thank you
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Coming in after a long run Refuel your body with plenty of water and a balance of carbs  protein like a chicken sandwich and an apple 
Ad convert apple mail to outlook 2016 
Im at Apple Stoneridge Mall in Pleasanton CA
I use to think it was apple but we do use a handheld computer nonstop for 12 years straight and expect it to just be cool.
RT LSNutrition  Apple Cider Vinegar this September It can interact with Digoxin Lanoxin and some Diuretics . Chat with your MD 
If you dont wanna be down with me then you dont wanna pick from my apple tree 
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
I lit an apple scented candle and put on AHS Coven... Im ready for this fall vibe
Which phone Apple Watch
Apple May Launch Galaxy Note 8Sized iPhone With 6.4Inch OLED Display Next Year
Discover  try on hotlist LookRev jewelry LookRev jewelry Apple 
WANTED WANTED
Flat Screen Clean Scented Apple Cleaning Product for all your Apple devices Coming 1st quarter 2018
Idk if its in the apple store but I found it in the play store for andriods
Apple Eyes Lease at The Culver Studios Bidding on Drama Starring Jennifer Aniston  Mac Rumors
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple help this poor girl out.
Leaked Apple document outlines Apple iPhone repair rules.
Just got a free share of Apple stock 
he gon out it on apple music nigga
Right so Cody should have been happy he took the golden apple
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
I7 can pull more power but 4 hours vs. 10 promised does not sound like honest advertising from our friends at Apple .
New Apple Watch for iPhone  38mm Space Gray Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band
New Apple Watch for iPhone  38mm Space Gray Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band
Youre upset that Im arguing Apple needs to collect and analyze more data. We both know how services that work... work. Data driven.
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
You too Cindy thx. Been on hold with apple vacations for 2 freaking hours.
I liked a YouTube video
I like Cinnamon apple but my fave is probably ducky. I really like it when people use my middle name not sure if it counts though
Warhorse Wallpapers For your Apple or Android 
Taylor gang came on my Apple Music and I automatically thought of when we saw wiz TheBetterTwin1 stalinskii
iPhone 5S 16GB Apple Smartphone iOS Unlocked Cellphone Gift 640x1136
MacBook Air Essentials  Apple Inc.  Computers 963295730 Computers
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlocked 735
Where to go apple picking in Georgia
Leaked Apple document shows how iPhone service eligibility is determined Michael Potuck9 to 5 Mac
Apples secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch Brett WilliamsMashable
About time Jay. His front door is unlocked and his home smells like apple pie at this point.
Ballast Point Sour Wench  BPbrewing  is on replacing Duo Cider Co. Rodeo Star Dry Hard Apple Cider  DUOwinery 
Sparks did you purposely make sure your ad was larger than and on the same page as Green Apple s
A guy farted in an Apple Store and everyone got mad. He said Hey its not my fault you dont have Windows.
Gingers get no love
Which is a shame because I was finally gonna upgrade too.
Low key want a boy friend just so hell buy me an Apple Watch for Christmas CuffingSzn HighKey
My new Nike kicks to match my apple watch nikeid levitate sneakers sneakerhead hypebeast hypebeastkicks highsnobiety complex 
APPLE PARK Late August 2017 Construction Update
SonosSupport Longtime customer w app issue. Deleted and updated app. When trying to play Apple Music get error adding to playlist msg.
Pokmon Go Reaches Its Peak and Brakes Apple App Store Record  See more at
Apple Manhattan Village just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
WikiLeaks hacked as OurMine group answers hack us challenge
To the one kid yelling apple at walmart Same
Yummy apple bread bounce bounce bounce
If the USD1000 Apple OLED iPhone rumours are true then Australians are looking at at least AUD1500 after Australia Tax.
When the mainstream media starts spruiking alt coins hahaha Bitshares is the next Apple  horseshit altcoins altcoin bitshares bts
Pokmon Go Reaches Its Peak and Brakes Apple App Store Record  See more at
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6s Plus SmartphoneChoose ATT Sprint TMobile Verizon GSM Unlocked
WANTED WANTED
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Would have done more good in Texas.
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Nixie wearable brings a line of Uber cars in the Apple Pay but you still cant use it for your grande macchiato  The Verge
Supporting our KyleTX neighbors at their Pie In The Sky Festival TexasPieCo apple  pecan and chicken pot pies were awesome 
follow up with a toner... Witch Hazel Apple Cider Vinegar or you can purchase one... Pixi Target is a good brand.
Apple internal is the mother of all getting it via thirdparty is totally hell. Dm me if need gsx lite one must have static IP or applevpn 
One rotten apple does a lot of damage to the reputation of science.
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
And with a dialog box thats less confusing
I thought bobby sands was someone like Fiona apple
Why is jubilee Mubarak not on Apple Music ..
Apple iPad Mini 16GB WiFi 7.9 Display LED Backlit Multi Touch Tablet 1st gen
Apple iPad Mini 16GB WiFi 7.9 Display LED Backlit Multi Touch Tablet 1st gen
my halfeaten candy apple from the cne leaked in my bag and killed mike wazowski 
From Computerworld  When did Apple begin to think different about the iPhone Home button
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Not one apple was touched or plucked.
Think of all the nudes that get deleted and that the people of Apple are seeing them all
Amazons a third party manufacturer. Stores like Apple have products by them shipped by Amazon. Same w designer
httpwww. greenappleactive.comllcrefJMUD . I LOVE Green Apple yoga pants and theyre having a sick sale this weekend Check it
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Just going to add this to my Noel Fisher playlist on Apple Music... I wish youd tweet more so we know you are alive Miss your face
jenngustetic Can you make apple pie for little grandchildren
 Snaps her forefinger and thumb. Apple juice yes
Loved the chicken liver and apple from piedmontdurham cureatapp yum food 919RALEIGH 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
good to know cuz i thought my trackpad was toast altho turned out the Apple battery was swollenhotdisabling trackpad which now works
Apple
Who works at Apple 
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret www.forbes.comsitesewanspence2017090
Installer has a black screen with white apple then restarts
Apple iPad Pro ML0H2LLA 12.9Inch 32GB Tablet Gold
Apple iPad Pro ML0H2LLA 12.9Inch 32GB Tablet Gold
Installer has a black screen with white apple then restarts
Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret www.forbes.comsitesewanspence2017090
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
IGEL UD Pocket Revolutionizes Endpoint Management for Apple Mac Computers
Its frustrating when the months are so clearly designated Aug banana and coconut Sept apple and hazelnut Octpumpkin spice etc..
u know ur impulse buying is bad when u buy apple music solely bc spotify wouldnt work
As someone whos had Apple Music and still has both Spotify and Tidal I can vouche that Tidal is superior and definitely worth the money.
I prefer Apple s iBooks but GrantCardone s 10X book is twice as expensive there than on the Kindle. Why...
Please RT recipes food dessert Parsnip  Apple Soup
Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event  The Verge
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98 CNET
Apple s next iPhones could be called the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition
Apple s Siri team gets a new boss CNET
My 7 plus was over 1000 with Apple care
Heres to another day of firsts. Another adventure awaits. repost apple snider notetoself 
Put it on apple music
Apple IPhone 6 Plus 128GB  Unlocked Smartphone Space Gray  Silver  Gold Price ...
Apple juice forbidden in Dutch primary school. Alarmed parent Water is for dogs.
Apple iPhone 7 Unlocked Phone  US Version
Apple iPhone 7 Unlocked Phone  US Version
Harry Styles documentary on Apple Music fyi
APPLE Microsoft Google and over 300 other Tech Companies railing against ending DACA  The FACT is many of the
candy apple
Five years after Steve Jobs An apple with the courage to.... technologyfacts technews
Been tempting to buy an Apple Watch for months I really want one
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple Cinnamon Wholemeal Waffles 124 Vegan
Apple Park et iPhone 8  photos du  Steve Job Theater  la salle de la keynote  Le  Steve Jobs Theater  qui 
Please RT games videogames The Carter Crater The Human Cost of Apple s App Store Decisions
Theres something about a cool autumn evening... I have soup and Oktoberfest beer I need apple crumble ASAP
If eve doomed the entire human race for one apple . What would she do for a klondike bar
when the lady at apple support is a better friend to you than any of your friends ever have been 
Nothing to see here... just a new Oliver North just another bad apple  a oneoff. No indictment of the SYSTEM no no just a blip.
I have free spotify but Im still paying for apple music why
Report iPhone X is the name of Apple s gamechanging new iPhone  BGR
I liked a YouTube video
I wish you could smell this organic Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie I just baked cinnamonrolls 
No experience with buying an iPhone from Apple . What are you supposed to do if you want to get an iPhone from Apple 
currently tweeting from the apple store iMac 
JHop300 We understand your concerns. Which device are you currently using with Apple Music
If an apple has a bad half guess what Its still a bad apple .
Apple Music
iPhone 5S 16GB Apple Smartphone iOS Unlocked Cellphone Gift 640x1136
Pomegranate Apple Party Punch Recipe 
Yep Google and Apple coming in hot with AR dev tools. Super cool future ahead
 Installer has a black screen with white apple then restarts
Apple Will Unveil the iPhone 8 on September 12
 Installer has a black screen with white apple then restarts
Bad Apple Wars Gets a Release Date With a Day One Edition 
Teach the kids how to invest and get 1 free stock chance it could be Apple or Facebook
SMH Apple products
Honestly Im annoyed I made apple crumble only have a slice with lil custard went downstairs to the kitchen for more and its all gone
Whatstwors than finding a worm in your apple  The Holocaust.
Bestsellers in Beauty 10 WOW Apple Cider Vinegar Shampoo  300 mL  No Sulphate  No Parabens  Infused Organic Natural Apple Cider Vineg
BB19 440PM BBT Paul and Josh playing ball with an apple in the wave room. Chatting about sports and Kevs son.
Apple Music. Its the pre release its only a couple song off the album.
TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Leaked Apple document shows how iPhone service eligibility is determined
My new addition to my Apple family 12.9 iPad Pro 2017 with keyboard pencil and fast charger
Pregamed  ended up canceling a whole bottle of crown apple oops
DQ OUT NOW on Spotify. Apple Music. And all dat.
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its he...
NowPlaying Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White HKP  Perez Prado 247AdvertFree
Apple s Siri team gets a new boss  CNET
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Im glad Sean liked them...not a fan too much green apple taste...tastes to me like Im eating a green apple and a Graham Cracker
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
Great article. Wonder if synthetic stone from lets say 2005 will have unique value like an apple cmpt from 1982 does.
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is that a pork chop festival If thats the case pass the apple sauce
Wait Whaaaaat theres an actual Apple Store in Baghdad Mall  TAKE ME THERE ASAP
lol. Im that way with the can opener. Also Looks like you could make apple skin spaghetti.
Apple stock nears record high Apple has found its groove again.
ConceptionNYC Just the news Please Artist Andre pace in 2017 new york big apple  3 art exhibitwww.boyer art
Half of an apple fritter
Is there any way to change my hulu app back to he way to used to look I hated it on my Apple TV but I loath it on my phone.
iPhone 8 rumor roundup What to expect at Apple s landmark event  Cult of Mac
Bumping that Lloyd Banks  Rotten Apple ...bump that shyt in 2017... youll see the bop is just different
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Heres how Apple could get people to buy a 1000 iPhone Barclays
Why Hes not even American. Blues lives are made up. Like the bad apple scenario.
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider euronews
Man I swear if Apple boutta release another new iPhone without a headphone jack...
Honeypothill Such a beautiful evening to go apple picking. Thanks for some fun memories 
Ayoo Apple .. if yall dont allow us to listen to YouTube and get on Twitter at the same time on the next update Im switching to android
Anytime I but a third party charger that is apple certified it works until the next os update and then stops charging.
There would be no need for Apple to shake up their approach so often if their approach was working.
My iPhone 7 this phone already cost 700 and I pay additional 11 for Apple Music and I cant even listen to it the way I want. unacceptable
Apple already fucking up my phone. Ik the iPhone 8 coming out soon but damnnn
its on apple music lol
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Honestly same.
Apple could soon set up shop in the Hollywood studio where Gone with the Wind was made
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Bout to be caramel apple spice time down Starbucks
mashable  Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
You was my baby My fuckin cinnamon apple  RIPVine 
Apple  expect a radical iPhone redesign for its 10th anniversary
Crisp Apple here and I didnt think I would love it but I do. The Chess Board  The Web though for lit.
And make apple leathers and start hoarding them for when Im back. You forgot that bit.
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair your iPhone
Im ready for pumpkin patches hot apple cider making apple butter halloween long socks and sweaters.
Plus Apple is all about ideology it always has been. Im not sure why this particular point would be any different
Apple just like were telling you enough so now stop it were here to have some fun were here to support tromp not to bring up past
yo i want some apple juice
Well Apple has at least one thing up on most Android manufacturers. They actually honor their warrantys.
Our prayers for your husband Ms. Apple .
No one choosing an apple was totally predictable. This seasons motto should be Expect the Expected
Tico chants in the big apple 
Gran historia Naked  Single by Katie Bates on Apple Music
9to5Toys Last Call Best Buy Labor Day Event Apple 1 Indie App Game Sale 2017 iPad Pro
Apple files trademark suggesting its P2P payment service is coming to Europe Audace
Protip Dont remember the name of an Apple Watch
Youll Be Drinking This Apple Pie Vodka All Season
Apple  amazon  George Clooney
Î¾Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple will have a tough time dictating 4KUHD movie prices
Little apple was there
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET 
mashable Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
RT BloombergTV How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Phone will be usable again in 53 years. You bricked it. Apple consider switching from exponential to logistic growth model pls.
Display Release on apple CAST
iTunes FULL KPOP ONLY IOS SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE TERUPDATE 
Bad Apple Wars Gets a Release Date With a Day One Edition
ON SALE  Apple iPhone 7Plus  Unlocked  ATT  128GB 256GB 
Î¾PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Just to clarify the atom was first split by an apple farmer from Tasmania.
Okay so I hook my MacBook up to a printer and it says it doesnt support apple products someone help please
Promotion septembre 2017 10 sur APPLE CARE
Cop standing by letting nurse get arrested is also a bad apple . tytlive
Yes young grasshoppper. eats apple 
This Apple Crown Looking So Good On This Dresser
An Apple Store but still no Trader Joes for Downtown L.A. Sorry new USC TJs doesnt count.
Leaked doc shows what is  isnt covered in Apple s iPhone warranty repairs.
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Me with simple needs I like this album cover because it has an astronaut and an apple . 
The difference in end results has come to pass. Data  better services. Lack of data  worse services. Fwiw I applaud Apple s caution.
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
RTmachinelearnbot Learn Apple Watchkit with Swift
Update I got apple cider
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Neato Botvac D7 Connected smart home vacuum enhances iPhone Apple Watch command options.
Rumors rename iPhone 7s to iPhone 8 leaving moniker for Apple s 1000 OLED model up for debate.
iPhone 8 is coming. Should you buy the most storage
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Heres a Look at What Apple Might Launch on September 12
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
It is. It may be different for you since I think youre apple by your layout
ReutersTech Uber gets a new CEO as Google and Apple face off over augmented reality technology. Our ReutersTV te
RT srhstevenson Wow Sony just got a huge up on Apple with their 3D Creator
ÎÄ adams apple
Apple internally refers to the weird sides surrounding the iPhone 8 notch as ears
Apple closing Simi Valley store with no replacement ahead of iPhone 8 launch.
Glad to see Apple finally fixed editing photos on my phone since iOS 6 good enough.
How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
44 Amazing Things To Do With Apple Cider
NowPlaying OG Boo Dirty  Shooter on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Video Everything you can do with the Apple Pencil.
We understand your concerns. Which device are you currently using with Apple Music
Apple s Watchoriented fitness lab tops 66000 hours of data 10000 subjects.
YES I miss Jadoo How was your apple crumble btw
my Apple battery got hot and swollen too is that what you meant by exploded
Apple updates leadership page with new hires shift in Siri lead to Craig Federighi.
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple is holding its iPhone 8 Event on September 12th  Confirmed
Apple s peertopeer payments service wont just be available in U.S.  Cult of Mac
Apple Pay Cash coming to Europe trademark application confirms.
Apple will likely unveil new iPhones on Sept. 12
Apple said to be eyeing Culver Studios as homebase for Hollywood production push...
Green apple milk green tea for the chill. I just really needed something to make me not cry tonight... 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
The appleinsider podcast talks iPhone 8 Apple s Sept. 12 event and a future without a home button.
you dont theres quite a few
For fans of Turings Apple this is great news RAWdanceSF
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair your iPhone
Back in the Big apple  NYC New York New York
WOW CordsOfSteel can charge both Apple and Android with ONE head Check it out...
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
mashable  Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider euronews
Display Release on apple CAST
Apple Files Trademark Application for Apple Pay Cash PeertoPeer Payments Service in European
Apple s Cook other CEOs call on Trump to keep DACA protections in place.
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
Sphero rolls out BB9E R2D2 droid toys controllable by Apple s Swift Playgrounds.
Apple Stonestown just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Im blown that the carter 3 on Apple Music doesnt have play with fire . Dat shii wack .
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
Fueled by Apple Watch sales growth smartwatches take over wearables market.
I wrote a blog about reading 11 people kiling themelves in china. These people made the product iPhone iPad and iMac for apple ...
Fiona Apple  Not About Love unreleased version
Caramel Apple Spice with a one pump of pumpkin sauce in it a perfect autumn drink.
Apple AirPods dominant despite late entrance in totally wireless headphone market segment.
Bad Apple Wars Gets a Release Date With a Day One Edition 
 Apple komt met iPhone Edition iPhone 8 en iPhone 8 Plus
LikeABoss  Grabbing some apple juice from thebxpress with the head honcho loading us up
Apple updates iTunes Affiliate program with new iTunes Store Credit payment option.
NapoleonsBakery apple napples are my life
Netatmo says Apple s HomeKit coming to Welcome  Presence security cams.
Im pissed they dont have any mother fuckin Garth Brooks on Apple Music
apple always has the best customer service
Snapchat irks my entire soul. Too many bugs uses too much data. And they NEVER update droid phones when they do apple
Apple does this shit all the time.
Sony Bang  Olufsen combatting Apple AirPods with new wireless earbuds..
Give them cheeks up on the horse ride flow RT 120589 I cant wait to go apple picking  to a pumpkin patch
im at the apple store and the woman who was SO nice saw jacob on my keyboard and started asking aboit him and troye and it was so cute
Bullshit. I work for Apple over here in Cupertino. If youve got fist full of fifties and a phone well figure this thing out.
Tree of Temptation was a total failure and the only apple picked saved Paul. Keep it BB19
Rileys high socks show grit
Apple calls for FCC to keep strong enforceable net neutrality protections.
Would you like some apple juice kiddo
ContempArtists Just the news Please  Artist Andre pace in 2017 New York big apple art exhibit 3 within new York boyer foundation
Slap the tape up on Apple Music
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 98 video  CNET
Australian roommate doesnt know American things part 3 there was a robot r2d2 in the Apple Store...
Apple iPhone 8 2017 event How to watch online and what to expect
Girl you got an apple let me touch it
rdrakea Wed like to help. To start which watchOS version do you have installed on your Apple Watch
tradernotrader We want to help you get the most from your Apple TV. Reach out to our tvOS experts here for help
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
 large gulps from the bottle. His gaze lingering on the criminals Adams apple as he took a few more swings from his 
I had the look ready but got the obi till recently. Happy Birthday Milords. Shall make apple treats soon slbphottestlookscrimsonapples 
I wanna pitch an app to Apple called RentAFriend A place to make platonic friendships with people where you can do fun things with them
Smiling he finished off the apple . I have more if youre willing to give me a ride to Tokyo Tower.
Big Apple Bootcamp is coming Endovascular and open vascular skills training for residents and fellows. BAB2017 WCMSurgery nyphospital 
Big Apple Bootcamp is coming Endovascular and open vascular skills training for residents and fellows. BAB2017 WCMSurgery nyphospital 
Apple says PokemonGo is most downloaded app in a 1. week ever ÎÄ ÎÄ
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
feature drink  The Good Apple  YTDistilling vodka manzana verde lime sugar  pidgindrinks 
VR home w trendy Furniture LookRev homedecoration Apple 
When you see it please explain apple itunesmakesmedrink 
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
I CANT BELIEVE U SENT IT
Apple vinegar n water 18 apple viniger 78 water
 command  S  Apple design dtp insatsu
Uber gets a new CEO as Google and Apple face off over augmented reality technology. Our ReutersTV tech playlist
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 98  CNET
Can you leave the iPhones Home button behind  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 98 video  CNET
I cant wait to go apple picking  to a pumpkin patch
Great My phone is trying to act up. Why are the keys on the keyboard to the right not responding is it time for a new one apple  Huh
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Nah. Flexing is when you reply back while youre in the pool on your Apple Watch
Worked for apple ... 
Apple 9.7 iPad 2017 32GB WiFi Only Space Grey MP2F2LLA via eBay
Canadian Impressionist Helen Galloways oil The Apple Gatherers Lovely composition Van Goghlike yellowsgreens My nearest WC 
be the apple to my fork
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
AppleWatch Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch  Mashable
WAIT YOURE APPLE MUSIC NEVERMIND
What year willit be bigger than apple 
Okay its September and it feels like fall... Where the hell are my Little Debbie pumpkins and caramel apple lollipops
Apple is reported release 3 phones 7s 7sPlus  8.. why not just sell the 7s  7sPlus and leave the 8 for next year
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Keep Your Apple Id Rather Have Wine  S... by Lone Star Kit....
CRIES SI........ Ive been contacting apple but im not sure if theyll be able to help me since its a jp dummy account i prob shouldnt have
A look inside the underground Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event
Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief Business Insider ÎÄ
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Desktop  5k retina display 27in late 2015 16gb RAM. 3.3 GHz 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 Desktop with 4K Retina Display 3.0Ghz MNDY2LLA July 20
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 21.5 iMac 2.7ghz QUAD Core i5  1TB  16GB RAM  AMD Graphics extra
Learn Apple Watchkit with Swift
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Retina 5K 27 MK462LLA Intel Core i5 3.2GHz 8GB 1TB HDD Desktop
a churro some cheese thing muffin and an apple fritter
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
I made an extraterrestrial themed playlist for Spotify and Apple Music
Flat Screen Clean Apple Demo on iPad FlatScreenCleaner TouchScreenC ...
http MyTrainingVideo.com Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple  Google Facebook and more speak out on Trump and DACA
Why no one told me the 5 heartbeats soundtrack on Apple music
cant wait for apple orchards and scarefest... i love fallllllll 
applewatch Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Silver Aluminum Case White Sport Band  
Apple Androids have weather symbols ..
When did Apple begin to think different about the iPhone Home button
...Its accessories Pro controller charging grip etc. are mostly overpriced as they think their brand justifies price  Apple says hi.
One bad apple can ruin it for all 
whilst chris martin and gweneyth paltrow have a kid called apple LIKE WTF
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief http feeds.reuters.comrreuterstec hnologyNews3soEBRjs2C0appleshiftsresponsibilityforsiritooperatingsystemchiefidUSKCN1BC65B 
Congrats to LoganDowhaniuk getting his first WHL Apple on the PP redwingsalumni 1stpreseasongame
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get TalkU at
Report iPhone X is the name of Apple s gamechanging new iPhone
Heres a Look at What Apple Might Launch on September 12
Major Apple casemakers updating internal SKUs to iPhone8  iPhone8Plus  iPhoneEdition 
Ipad Iphone5s Iphone6 Iphone7 Iphone7Plus  Apple Iphone 7 Plus 32128256GB TMobile Metro PCS 4G ...Link
The Prophecy releasing 9.14.17 via Apple Music Spotify Tidal  Google Play. theprophecy 
Apple Music users Check out our new Christian Rap is Lit playlist
Microsoft ou Apple   Apple
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair your iPhone
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
I have a pen I have a apple . APPLEPEN
Eh if you say so. They probably used a laughing emoji so. Guess we need to ban that Apple .
Im at Apple Lincoln Road in Miami Beach FL
Apple needs to make collaborative playlists
Apple iPhone 5s a1533 16GB GSM Unlocked Silver or Gold
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
Apple iPhone 8 launch invokes Steve Jobs one more time  CNET
So the past two weeks no one picked a Temptation apple  
Well at least he didnt toss an apple core... that would have been unforgivable or worse
Candi Apple Shaved Head and Buttfucked in the Mud
Leaked document shows how Apple decides to replace or repair your iPhone
smart metered electricity in all of Asia on Apple Pay.
7  apple pie  any pie
RadioBunt The Shipyard  Under The Apple Tree
applewatch Deal Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Silver Aluminum Case White Sport Band 
Forbes Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief  Business Insider
Apple s VMI Guide shows what is and what isnt covered by the iPhones warranty
Because it will show up on Apple Music eventually. Plus it would be nice to listen to music without there being ads like Spotify.
Homemade Apple pie
Apple Whiskey has commenced
On the bright side Apple Care is . New phone  free .99
so a 2 minute hoh plus no one picking an apple  so they could either show us the fights they blocked from the feeds or how delusional
Apple Music wont ever be anywhere else but Apple RT BawseWayne  Its trash as shit how there isnt Apple Music or Tidal on PS4.
0.43 JIAFA 612 Tripoint 0.6 Repair Screwdriver for iPhone 7  7 Plus  Apple WatchPurple
can anyone tell me when apple orchards open
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
Apple iPhone 5s a1533 16GB GSM Unlocked Silver or Gold
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Wed like to help. To start which watchOS version do you have installed on your Apple Watch
We want to help you get the most from your Apple TV. Reach out to our tvOS experts here for help
lol see I hate pumpkin. Im team apple cinnamon
Check out Vintage Cross Stitch Sampler 18 X 14.5 Unframed Apple Pie Without Cheese Is Like
9yrs ago from BoyceAvenue Goo Goo Dolls  Iris Boyce Avenue acoustic cover on Apple  Spotify
Epic Apple rant I like Mac OSX but Apple s interface is now like an old menu system wrapped in pretty graphics
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB Gold Unlocked GSM Mint Condition Clean No Lock
Goes to apple to get new screen Walks out with a whole new phone for the price of the screen
Idk im pretty sure its going to be on apple music
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
EATS APPLE  EATS WINDOWS
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful AppleWatch
Hopefully Mr. Cook and Apple will do the responsible thing and up the 100 million in Waukee IA to an even higher amount to offset subsidy.
Is a PlayStation XBox Wii Apple TV 2 ChromeCasts 2 Rokus and a Fire stick too much for a 2person household Asking for a friend.
Apple Ipad 1 1st Generation 64GB 9.7 Tablet Wifi A1219 Excellent 
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
Its trash as shit how there isnt Apple Music or Tidal on PS4.
A Night With Engelbert by Kobus Muller on Apple Music
Anker bro Anker.
With my boys at the Apple Store. Very slow service. slowappleservice applestore badservice 
Gout Treatment  How Soaking Gout Feet In Apple Cider Vinegar Can Relieve Gout
USA Forbes Headlines NEWS broadcast by  Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S...
Accessory Apple Ipad Black Silicone Case with Free Screen Guard
Shot  Edited with iPhone 7 plus apple iphone iPhonegrapher dharavisual shotoniphone shotoniphone7plus ioatx 
httpwww. CUSTOMPC.ie .... Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Starbucks Cheddar Afternoon Business Update 91 Apple moves Starbucks lawsuit
Check out Virgin Mobile Blue Apple IPhone 5c16GB  Smartphone
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
I mean hes Lavar Ball son.... Apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Just have to ignore. Nobody sensible has Future in their top 5.
. Apple  Did you sell a watch that ran counterclockwise 12 at the top 1 to the left etc. Think you can make a AppleWatch face for it
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
the apple shirts the employees have are fire
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
only had it for 4 years ... barely used. Apple is a scam
BusinessNews Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
360WiseNews  Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret
Apple iPod Touch 6th Generation Pink 16 GB  New Factory Sealed  Pls Read
New Feed Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
http bit.lyamazingbenefit sthatpaysweekly  Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules  A leaked Apple VisualMechanical Inspection Guide...
toddmccomas go to longs donuts southside. And get any donut. then get apple fritter for PatMcAfeeShow and fucking peanut butter brownie
do you have a student discount for apple music
Fibit Inc FIT Ionic vs. Apple Inc. AAPL Apple Watch Which Is Best 
CherishedBliss Following from Foodie Friends Friday Party. Thx for sharing Slow Cooker Apple Pie Oatmeal recipe. Will pinshare this wknd.
that scarf would be better than the one i have with alex ashlyn apple  laura alanna and steph because its more clean
I had it last year on my Apple TV when I lived in Pittsburgh. I had zero problems streaming Eagles games on DirecTV app.
Apple iPod Touch 6th Generation Pink 16 GB  New Factory S
Take it back to Apple shop and swap it if its fucked
Take 50 OFF items under the tents at the MastStore Apple Festival Sale in HendersonvilleNC . FallWinter.
Apple Loop iPhone 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret
Dont cry over spilled milk drink apple juice
This scrappy company has fended off competition from Apple and Amazon  and now its
The sort of data Im talking about you give willingly to other companies who are guaranteed bad actors. Apple doesnt have to be.
Apple changed the game when they brought nightmode to the mac book.
Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event
Deutsche Bank bows to the inevitable by replacing its staffs BlackBerry devices with Apple iPhones
New Star Wars Toys Added to Apple s Online Store Including R2D2 and BB9E Droids  Mac Rumors
Apple Loops and guitar riffs.
Listen to Eric Church 61 Days in Church by Apple Music on AppleMusic .
Apple Changes Leadership on Siri Which Is Losing Ground
Were so excited to welcome Tim Mahoney to the stage for Excelsior Apple Day Going to be a great show 
Apple Loop IPHONE 8 Launch Confirmed September 12 New iPhone 7S Leaks iPhones Sneaky Secret
Mr. Dirty reviews Limited Edition Oreo Apple Pie Cookies
My latest blog post...Having this problem Apple Pencil Wont Connect to iPad  1WaySwim
My latest blog post...Having this problem Apple Pencil Wont Connect to iPad  1WaySwim
Dead wood only. I have a local orchard that calls when they have a load of apple and peach.
Try this recipe Apple  Oat and Coconut Bircher Muffins
WSJ LEAKS Apple 039s iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s Launch Date  Not Long Now new phone
I liked a YouTube video
At the premiere of Adam the Eve..so if Adam was the one who was given the apple do u think he will eat it henryadofogh ingridalabi 
I liked a YouTube video
VOU COMPRAR UM APPLE WATCH
SMARTPHONES DISPONIBLES   Apple  Apple  Apple  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB RED
Sounds like Apple is gearing up to produce a glucose diabetes monitor for its Watch. At last futurist
Apple Pay likely to get boost from Visa  Mastercard mandating contactless payment terminals
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Trump persuades Apple to keep jobs here 
Old boy was choking on an apple in the morning and another dude was so worried and I was there just chillin
AppleInsider podcast talks 039iPhone 8039 Apple 039s Sept. 12 event and a future without a home button ...
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades Ambarella Apple  Campbell Soup Gap Kinross Gold Lululemon
I hate accidentally closing out my Apple Music when trying to close another app
I go to Big Apple next to sprint
It smells like apple picking football games and camp fires. Maaan do I love this time of year
. VirginAustralia email me to do online checkin but then Auckland Int. they dont accept Apple wallet boarding pass YoureDoingItWrong
Apple iPhone X Edition White Ceramic Under Display Finger Print Scanner 128gb 256gb 512gb Storage iPhoneXEdition AppleNews 
Its that time of year Apple Hill
Im using Apple Music for 4.99 a month
Hmm an apple
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular ATT 9.7in  Black 500 via eBay
When youre dreaming of getting an iMac but its way too expensive for you. Im still a uni student... Apple 
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black via eBay
A mashup of Game of Thrones and Carpool Karaoke Yes please. Apple Music has released an extended preview of...
I just ate a apple he not happy
Been hella close to givin in and paying for Apple Music
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone
Cancelled Apple Music for Tidal.
Here is an example APPLE COMPUTER an American product started in USA all made in ASIA I think they want to bring back some to USA 4 prod
Between the apple shoes and this it appears that your situation is rapidly becoming very expensive
Franks should be the QB end of the story and this OL omg they couldnt push back a bag of Apple s
And all policemen will be defended by their fellow officers they have to. One bad apple spoils the whole bunch.
Necesito muchas correas para mi Apple Watch ya.
Apple iPhone X Edition White Ceramic Under Display Finger Print Scanner 128gb 256gb 512gb Storage iPhoneXEdition AppleNews 
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup  AppleInsider press release blog
Tech Deals 17 10.5Inch iPad Pro Case 25 Off LIFX Bulbs 5 Apple Watch Band More
ALL LIVE TOGETHER LOVE ONE ANOTHER STEVE VOZZOLO SoundCloud
Apple HQ 
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Any suggestions for making good use of my 2017 organic free range Apple crop AutumnIsHere 
The great Apple Watch fitness experiment 
Apple is bringing the big guns for its first scripted TV series
His mom asked his sister if she want a apple she said no. He told his sister No You eat apples
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
I always keep a pair of old apple headphones in my gym bag because Im terrible at remembering to charge my headphones
256GB Solid State Drive Apple MacBook Pro Retina 13 15 Mid 2012  Early 2013
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
iPhone 8 or iPhone Edition This leak teases new Apple phone name  Trusted Reviews
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
We are always careful direct and limited in issues not trying for a second bite at the apple
Perks of a night shift  eating apple crumble at 1am
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung  Reuters
should have replied not much my apple pie delight.
Allergic to apple but she loves it
Im listening to the hot playlist on Apple its fire
Stocks Tech Stocks This Week Apple s Big Event Gets a Date Instagram Is Hacked and More
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black for 108.00 with 29d 17h via eBay
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
nature of it. Oh youre hungry Here have my food in return4 a favour that disproportionately benefits myself totally optional.
 Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue
iPhone 7 Screen Protector JETech 2Pack Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple 
The only two beverages I respect too much to mix with vodka are Newmans Own pink lemonade and Apple  Eve apple juice.
Ready to go to apple bees love them so much
They do have Android now. Ill check them out again. I remember playing with the Beats API before Apple bought them.
 Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Why do apple chargers break so fucking easily
Run run running.. busy busy busy. Vet stores cut grass laundry..no play all day. Where is the apple 
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup
My friends daughter did a lemonade stand this morning and brought in 330. Donate through Apple  it became 990
aksysgames Is Bad Apple Wars coming physically to Europe was happy when we got Collar X Malice and Period Cube please continue doing so
burned 237 calories doing 41 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
apple tape coming through with the hd jin fancams thank you god
Apple iPad mini 4 16GB WiFi 7.9in  Gray EXCELLENT Shape Bundle 451
green apple 
Does Apple lounge sell food
i dont want your apple pie mama
Apple lol the expiry dates for iPhones is 1 year after you purchase them
I liked a YouTube video
My Daughter Is Tearing Her Lil Sitter Apple Juice Up
Apple
PLUS THIS GON BE BETWEEN APPLE MUSIC AND SPOTIFY SORRY
IF MY ICLOUD PHOTO LIBRARY TRULY DELETED IM GOING TO RIP APPLE A NEW ONE
I liked a YouTube video
mattbirchler Apple Watch complication coming Thanks for the widget
never buying apple stuff again....
Take Life is here and not just on apple
Apple
Organic chicken breast on arugula apple slices zucchini and walnuts drizzled with ginger
Russian Apple juice is good
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing I Really Like You Carly Rae Jepsen APPS Apple
One bad apple they say. But a bad apple cadre gaining political power That right there is a conscious racist stew.
applestore texture concrete Apple Store Edinburgh
c floor and hit him in tha Adams Apple with its blunt edge. He chokes at the merciless impact. His eyes water from c BestialSadist
Like the PVR of the Opal apple 
ITunes Apple Music LINKINBIO
MKBHD CaseyNeistat Why everyone says that the MacPro is the worst computer from apple  Whats wrong with it
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Listen to TAYK x THE RACE FREETAYK by FK APPLE MUSIC np on SoundCloud
APPLE MACBOOK PRO HIGH RESOLUTION 15.4 MC371LLA 2.4GHZ 8GB 500GB NEWBATTERY
Apple
Check out Apple Dish Tray Engraved Personalized Cherished Keepsake Elegant SilverPlated
Schnucks some cold bitches.. shit say apple cider but its apple juice Im pissed
Forget the GIF lets talk about this bacon apple grilled cheese he speaks of. nomnomnom
The Woz helped create Apple  led it to greatness and then was pretty much backstabbed by the lesstalented Jobs.
Im not an apple fan girl but what made you choose the surface
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Black TMobile Smartphone
I got  ome idea appletvapps99  I think we need 2 put television on the Apple product onlyhave them contracted with cable company...
But its ok. I bought apple cider and ice cream. Among other things.
http mixi.ataezxRzH An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Agreed Like where did my battery life go
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
The excuses people come up with for Apple removing the headphone jack is stupid.
I bought 1 and 2 on Apple
How do U KNOW that Apple gave over 2 million to this hate groupYou have a reactive mindsetDo U make room 4 the possibility of FAKE NEWS
delicious Apple Blueberry Galette
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup
Apple went all in on USBC but the Magic Mouse 2 and Beats Solo3 have USB 2.0 cables only. Not a big deal for me just interesting.
Apple s fitness lab has collected 66000 hours of exercise data
Apple Invites Media to September 12 Event at Apple Park Lets Meet at Our Place
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup
Apple s fitness lab has collected 66000 hours of exercise data
Hey Apple we dont need wireless chargers we just need the charging port on the top so we can rest it on our stomach and charge it n use it
Lose weight fast with APPLE CIDER VINEGAR DETOX DRINK
Apple s fitness lab has collected 66000 hours of exercise data
Apple s fitness lab has collected 66000 hours of exercise data
shes a rubber apple  Charlie Brown
Like Ill still buy it but come on Apple  try and impress me please
You keep avoiding the elephant in the room you coerce Ts into being your marketing and sales team for the equivalent of US120 a year.
Apple iPhone 5s From 12.99 a month
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup
Iowas wind power paramount to Apple s decision on new data centers
Its all about tidal its better than Spotify and apple music
i lose my fucking mind the second they make the apple hover beside her neck
Hopefully warm apple pie a la mode
Apple s Next iPhone Might Not Have a Home Button at All  TIME
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple AppleSupport How is there not a fidget spinner emoji yet Im asking for my Lil bro
I bet Apple will surprise us with some VR accelerator coprocessor of some kind to go with the A11 chip...
NEW SEALED BOX Apple MacBook Pro 13.3 256GB Laptop with Touchbar  MLVP2LLA 
Can 3 smartphone maker HuaweiMobile pass SamsungMobile  Apple with new ArtificialIntelligence capable chip 
Apple is planning BIG last minute change for iPhone 8  App Gyaan
Still time to reconsider and go for an apple cinnamon taste challenge instead.
The apple dont fall far from the tree Straight up learned behavior from her mom
what does exercising options mean apple earnings release date
Today was my stereotypical idea of a vacation in Egypt day Also Im really enjoying this Green Apple Fanta 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 3.06 GHz Core 2 Duo 4 GB OS X 10.9 500 GB 21.5 A1311
Do you have hot apple cider
Minneapolis Pie stand deep fried apple hand pie or pumpkin. Delicious odd metaphors are free. 
Truth. And apple cinnamon not far behind
Ive never had to come here before but why is the Apple store looking like the welfare office in the 90s. The wait is 45 mins TeamAndroid
Dating app Tinder finds gold at Apple s App Store
That would be too creative for Apple to do that
79 drag regal race car  Apple valley 4500 
79 drag regal race car  Apple valley 4500 
Yup tricking IBM and Apple was no ordinary feat. It would take some work to trick facebook  google today
Lol its so convinient Apple how our iPhones start to break whenever a new phone is about to be released
apple music
boycott Apple .... unAMERICAN 
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
appleinsider . Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Its really amusing to me to go to stores like Target Apple  Home Depot and see customers that dress like employees. shopping
Hahahaha Are they arguing about the price of apple pies
Same applies to damned well any online service. Theyre just following the shitty examples of Sony Microsoft Valve Apple ...
Delicious Best apple Ive ever tasted.
175  Free Apple Courses  In Store 1hr each on Mac IPad iPhone or major apps.
Tweeted Times Latest Report iPhone X is the name of Apple s gamechanging new
Apple and Pear is going offff pure screaming and crying
Aztec clay mask  raw apple cider vinegar  heaven on my face
Oh this apple  IT BELONGS TO MAMA. This is a mamas apple  is the top tier of comedy
But price alone Apple cant justify that when the two machines have essentially they same hardware inside No longer have the exclusives.
I made apple pie you can have some.
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Hope the turtle got another apple lol
Add JP Morgan to that list with Apple .
. Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
What is Apple Business Chat
samsung is smart to use GalaxyS9 to compete with the iPhone8 instead of the GalaxyNote8 .
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Hey tinytempest is there a current category killer MP3 player Thats not Apple  Asking for a friend...
Most of the minds of mush that own Apple products could care less. Apple LOVES COMMIES
Why was Z taken off Apple Music sza
Fu Apple
Today I enjoyed photographing The Henderson County Chamber of Commerce Pardee Apple Festival 8K Road Race. This...
lol yea and rose water apple cider vinegar and witch hazel
Think Different about Patient EngagementAetna Apple  and a Vision of Digital Healths Future Part 2
Apple s Iowa data center could make Siri better in the US
phone 9 2 pack Chicom premium apple Quality Headphones Earphones Earbuds with Mic
maybe it has to do with your charging port happened to my s3 back then .. but this is a known issue with Apple
Apple ruined my night
Apple
Well we had a great day for Isaiah birthday. Went to the Apple orchard even got snoopy a healthy treat then...
confirmed apple to hold a product event september 12th 2017
samsung is smart to use the GalaxyS9 to compete with the iPhone8 instead of the GalaxyNote8 .
Day one of having an Apple Watch and Ive dismissed every notification Ive gotten telling me to stand or move around.
When did Apple begin to think different about the iPhone Home button  MacDailyNews
Should I ditch apple and get the note8 Contract is up in December. iPhone is paid for.
Apple music was shit from the day they took off BEGs discography.. we dont trust its taste
Where was Obama when Eve bit into the apple 
. Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
The absolute best cider Ive ever had comes from Stump City Cider in Rochester NH. Champagnelevel carbonation and perfect apple flavor.
samsung is smart to use the GalaxyS9 to compete with the iPhone8 instead of the GalaxyNote8 .
MarinaDiamandis is underrated to the point apple music think she has a band 
I prefer a whole one. Apple  if available.
The after. Challah. Recipe Joan Nathan nytfood Apple Tree Place
Do not forget Facebook and Amazon and Apple  MS too bc of their app stores.
yall say the same corny shot every time Apple drops something. But yall asses end up with it
Apple Roosevelt Field just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple Watch Y U So Bossy 
Cuppycake Song  Cuppycake  do i even need to say anything  squish   youre the apple of my eye 
Hope u had a great time in the big apple
take a shot every time i get apple cider on my face because im an idiot
I like these...if only you could make the one on bottom right a little more pink floydish apple with teeth and tongue remember the flower
Made apple pie tonight. Time to eat it
samsung is smart to use the GalaxyS9 to compete with the iPhone8 instead of the GalaxyNote8 .
They are all made on iPad with the Apple Pencil on an app called procreate
Im so fat today  apple mono from now on. three apples a day.
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple iMac 21.5 Desktop AllInOne Mac Computer  3.06Ghz  Three Year Warranty BuyNOW 549 deal ebay
apple mail to outlook 2016 
Apple s fitness lab has collected 66000 hours of exercise data
Lmaooooooooo omg every hour that goes by I consider staying in the bed w a glass of wine I mean apple juice.
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Whoever wants to bring me apple orchard donuts rn can be my best friend 
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Red apple
DoctorDC Apple hates me and wont let me leave a iTunes review. Can I throw out a what Collin does anyway
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
I liked a YouTube video
Apple time too Get them while theyre in season 
Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Theres a devil in the corner In candy apple red Dressed up like a fire Burning through my head I got a little closer
burned 299 calories doing 52 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
Found the first apple sticker I got back in 1983. Still in the packaging 
New Soft Leather Folio Wallet Smart Case Sleep Wake Stand For Apple iPad
Apple crisp coffee football and it feels like fall.
I need cardi b red barz on apple music fgs
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb Att Rose Gold 10.2.1
Workflow by Apple
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb Att Silver 10.3.1
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb Att Space Gray 10.3.2
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb Att Space Gray 10.3.2
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Rose Gold unlocked Smartphone
Ship it to apple
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Grey tmobile Smartphone
Pumpkin pie apple cider sugar and spice and maple walnut
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray sprint Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray unlocked Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Silver verizon Smartphone
Thanks Apple . How else would I have known its the temperature of the seventh layer of hell 
brand New Apple Iphone 6s latest 16gb factory Unlocked  Rose Gold
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray sprint Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray unlocked Smartphone
Nice to be back Apple iphone7
Apple shows off new AR apps just as Google launches ARCore  The Verge
Apple Iphone 6s 6 S  A1688 Gold Shattered Screen For Parts Repair No Power
Lake in Lyndhurst New Jersey . . lgarciaphoto iphone iphone7plus mobiography apple 
Apple Iphone 6s 16gb Gold Minor Water Damagecleanedworksread Description
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Silver sprint With Extras Please Read
Apple is having an event on September 12th to announce the new iPhones. Are you getting one or will you be waiting 
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray verizon Smartphone
Either have free limited content or paid awesome content. No grey area.
Vaguely tempted to get a little Linux desktop while I wait for Apple to make something I want.
All I can say is that my next phone will have a 3.5mm jack. If its an AppleSupport iPhone or not its up to Apple
postponing my apple crisp to tomorrow.
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Rose Gold att Smartphone
Cover for Apple iPhone
And the folks who can afford Apple products are mostly Capitalists . . . not Liberals Liberals have shown themselves to be mental midgets
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Rose Gold unlocked Smartphone
Cover for Apple iPhone
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Rose Gold sprint
Cover for Apple iPhone
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray att Smartphone
There goes the foul mouthed apple of her parents eyes toddler
Cover for Apple iPhone
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray unlocked Smartphone
Apple
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray verizon Smartphone
Koogeek Smart Plug WiFi for Apple HomeKit with Siri Electronics Controller on 2.4Ghz Network by..
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray Tmobile Smartphone Bad Imei Apple Warra
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Gold att Smartphone With Box And Accessories
Apple Iphone 6s A1633 gb  Sold As Is Parts Ic Lock
Apple Iphone 6s With 32gb Internal Storage And Otter Box Case Bundle Unlocke
wait wtf bitches who tryna hit up apple hill
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray tmobile Smartphone as Is locked
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray Unlocked Apple Care Plus Included Until
Apple Iphone 6s 128gb Rose Gold Att Box Tempered Glass Fast Shipping Usa.
And why is Apple giving them 2 mil 
Apple Iphone 6s 32gb 6 Rose Gold Smartphone tmobile With Box  Accessorie
I have searched that list last week and found many trusted names on it Shame on Apple for funding SPLC. Lawlessness abounds.
I dont like how much Wes is changing his profile pic. The one in front of Big Apple Brews was the YankeesCardinals uniform of profile pics
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray Att unlocked Smartphone And 38m Apple
Apple Iphone 6s 32 Gb
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray unlocked Smartphone
Drinking a Carolina Apple by BoldRock at wingsandrings 
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Space Gray unlocked For Parts
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Silver tmobile Smartphone
The apple of my eyes 
Apple Iphone 6s 16gb Gray Mkrc2lla  Unlocked. Clean Esn.
just passed around the moonshine with the fam. Apple Pie kind was a hit.
Breakfast Kale spinach banana carrot celery blueberries raspberries apple juice
Raw Cherry Apple Pie Bowl Christina MeyerJax creates a treat that satisfies your sweet tooth with topping choice
Apple Iphone 6s 64gb mktd2lla Sprint Brand New
mybaby familyfun takeahike appleworks Apple Works
Apple Iphone 6s  16gb  Space Gray Sprint Bad Esnimei
Apple Iphone 6s  64gb  Gold
Ipad Iphone5s Iphone6 Iphone7 Iphone7Plus  Apple Iphone 6S Rose Gold Silver Space Gray Verizon ATT ...Link
Apple iOS 11 Public Beta 8 Drops Early  Heres Everything You Need To Install
Apple SantaMonicaStore Beware shattered glass ceiling. Someone finally shattered it. 
Iron Addicts  Sidewalk Kraka 30 Srv SOUR APPLE CLUMPY BUT USEABLE
. Apple HomePod uses generated tones for device pairing setup
Hows your weekend going Currently drinking homemade caramel apple sangria. Yea tell ya how its going 
Cinnamon Roulade with Roasted Apple Cream Cheese Filling
I love my Apple TV. Its so handy.
Anyone who buys an Apple phone has to be insane. Donating to a non profit terror linked group that sends all  overseas
Wtf kinda crap is this Apple Itunes iTunes tRUmp ads 
Apple iPhone 516GB 32G 64GBFactory UnlockedGSM Smartphone BlackWhit Phone
might slide to apple bees
Android above Apple
this girl Kay so funny she said she got tea and apple juice for the pregnant hoes
iPhone Edition Edition is my least fave apple product name Garish showy and tasteless. Stick w Pro...
AMCTHD Apple Valley Home Depot raise 360 today HomerFund HurricaneHarvey GodBlessAmerica AssociatesHelpingAssociates 
Celebrating BackToHogwarts with Queenies apple strudel RosannaPansino FantasticBeasts 
Its the ethics of this practice that I question. It feels similar to how some Christians spread the gospel. It can be too much.
I liked a YouTube video
LOT OF 3 Apple iPhone 55s  16GB  SilverSPACE GRAY PARTS ONLY
Cocktail tasting Ginger mint Fuji apple soda  vodka
Hymns in Black and White Vol. 2 Live from Belmont  EP by Cooper Thompson on Apple Music
Oracle got fresh pressed Apple juice. Oh its on
Vremi Apple Peeler Corer Slicer Machine with Vacuum Suction Base  Cast Iron ...
Is it 1km per apple  If u eat enough apples do u think well see doctors fleeing from the city
Apple maps really takes you on some fuckass routes
Uh oh. Is your Apple TV connected to the same WiFi network Mind sharing a screenshot of any error message you might be getting
I miss the fade away sound when you close the music app...why tf did Apple remove that shit in iOS 10 
I liked a YouTube video
Apple
thanks a bunch Miss you too See you in the big apple or the land of oranges soon enough
Where I come to relax Apple Valley Georgia
Im at Apple Inc. in Cupertino CA
Me pissed Noo. Shes speaking calmly. Just eat your apple .
Chelsea is a liar. She should play the rest of what he said instead of tweeting an out of context edited video. Apple didnt fall far wher
a stay at home mom who bakes apple pies and enjoys going to the towns book club
BELLY FAT BURN DRINK WITH GARLIC AND APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Ch... 
ZO2 he still wet behind ears thats all.....hey what they say Nas  Apple dont fall far from tree now right
BELLY FAT BURN DRINK WITH GARLIC AND APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Ch... 
BELLY FAT BURN DRINK WITH GARLIC AND APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Ch... 
BELLY FAT BURN DRINK WITH GARLIC AND APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Ch... 
BELLY FAT BURN DRINK WITH GARLIC AND APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Ch... 
Shouts to apple for needing location services turned on to set the correct time. Like the internet isnt a thing. Youre not slick
Please RT if you like architecture design architects interiordesign Apple Releases New MacBook...
ios11 cannot come soon enough Ive had to deal with apple harassing me to download ios10 for a year now
The new apple line up coming out soon and my phones randomly acting out like a bitch ..... hm
Dating app Tinder finds gold at Apple s App Store
HayesGrier yo hayes do you like apple juice 
DeathbyBrokenHeart
I find it amazing that you would comment in this way while some died and many have lost everything. Apple doesnt fall far
School starts back Tuesday. I cant do it. Im not ready. Still havent gotten my apple juice...
Yes to a greater or lesser extent But we do not get where we are today.... Apple too.
Apple products are state of the art and Mission Critical Mainly purchased by Conservatives because those folks are the ones wmoney
100 same. Also I just went out and bought an Apple TV so I can watch football noregrets
Considering conditions Ts work under  general lack of resources making something optional doesnt take away from the exploitative
TSMC other Apple suppliers say Taiwan power outage had little impact as iPhone 8 rollout nears
Apple never add features people actually want. At some point people not going to keep buying the same thing.
I think your missing the point. You have a great product but the passion teachers have for education influences their colleagues easily
Day 1 of a 30 day painting challenge to paint from life every day. An Apple a Day 5x7 oil on
Lemonade and apple vodka
i should update my twitter more here you go Drunk Nights By The Late links for Apple Music Share if you enjoy 
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue
imagine what companies like Apple  Microsoft Sony could make if they waited a couple extra years to do more research
i think apple changing the port for headphones was the stupidest thing ever i cant listen to music and charge my phone at the same time
Aeropostale you should figure out why your POS says it supports Apple Pay approves payment shows purchase in Wallet and my bank account
Apple MacBook A1278 13.3 Laptop with upgrades
i wish all of bloos music was on apple music sigh
the apple one lies
So its really apple spice cider
Im at Apple Infinite Loop in Cupertino CA
apple spice is better than pumpkin spice
What a loving God cruising us all and our children because his pet scrumped an apple . That isnt love. Its sadism
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
WALI AC Power Adapter US Wall Plug Duck Head for Apple Mac IbookiPhoneIPod by WALI
Apple compatible Thunderbolt hard drives for Mac 
Im about to start swinging on whoever in this locker room smacking on this apple its time for me to end my break early
TechCrunch  Will the iPhone 8 launch Apple closer to...
Shot a highly requested video that the Apple Fans are going to Love Subscribe to
Running through the grocery store because I need something to eat anything... havent eaten since the morning... apple or teases
Cold orange juice is way better than apple juice
so is it ok to eat this apple or not
Get fun by finding U new Style LookRev Custom ring Apple 
omg did they rly take most of taras music off apple music.. im gonna kill myself theyre rly taking off all of kpops best discographies 
Missing the mark wed like to improve. We certainly arent trying to influence teachers to do anything they dont believe in.
Native American Tales Audio Book for Andorid Apple nativerickmora native history 
Apple pie oreos think Im finna fry these bitches up
Top story Amazon Music Unlimited finally joins Spotify and Apple Music in offe
every apple fan is gonna hate me but i found it pretty funny 
Lazy dipshit who gets hit in the head by an apple  My life though xD
theres been multiple occasions where sehun looks like a worm coming out of an apple and this is one of those occasions 
I need an Apple Watch
somebody tell this gap mouth bitch to stay in her lane fore I use that apple to close the grand canyon between her teeth 
This may shorten my life but the rotten apple doesnt fall far from the tree Lordy HurricaneHarvey
Hiding in the Apple Store until further notice . sfheatwave 
Dont like Apple  never bought Apple and Never will
Just bought Apple Music odee late
Apple sent that killswitch since the new iPhone coming cause my shit acting weird
apple Sitting at my desk admiring my new Mac Cant quite believe Ive got one at last Having some wine to clelebrate Cheers everyone 
Apple
I used to work with a guy who ate an apple every day and chewed it with his mouth open. DISGUSTINGLY LOUD.
I focused the inspiration. Also Eat the apple  but dont accept the sleep. That one hasnt caught on.
Apple Invites Media to September 12 Event at Apple Park Lets Meet at Our Place
But would love your feedback on how we could do this better. We want to support the Ts using Seesaw and improve our product. If we are...
iPad Profiles  Small Business  Apple Inc.  Business  Economics 556095191 Economics
Leaked Apple document How Geniuses decide to replace repair iPhones under warranty
Surge in Spotify subscribers makes it twice as big as Apple Music  Cult of Mac
justin and griffin fucking around with the apple in soul caliber 5 is THE most underrated monster factory scene
Leaked doc shows what is  isnt covered in Apple s iPhone warranty repairs
anyone else feel a little patronized when their apple watch tells them to breathe
The latest The The Nigerian Engine Daily
magically.....all my apple products starting to glitch.....like they do around this same time of the year like every year. Apple a true scam
The apple never falls far from the tree...
IfSiriWereAMan he would cheat on Apple s amazing iOS with some stupid android
more like a bullshit in a korea shop. LOL
Apple juice
Do Not Use Apple Cider Vinegar If Youre On Any Of These Medications  A Must Watch Video
consumers we want battery endurance Apple  unlock your iPhone with your face
Tech Stocks This Week Apple s Big Event Gets a Date Instagram Is Hacked and More
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1419 27 Desktop  MD096LL  1TB 12GB RAM  ORIGINAL BOX
That and no one wants their Apple Pay  Banking apps etc. on a jail broken device. UI Customisations no longer needed.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Desktop  5k retina display 27in late 2015 16gb RAM. 3.3 GHz 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 i7 3.5GHz 32GB 1TB SSD 4GB Gtx780M
So last night I accidentally stabbed myself in eye with a plastic forkand just now splashed sour apple four loko in the other. Ima go blind
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Bread
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple shifts responsibility for Siri to operating system chief
Lol. It doesnt matter. I dont stan for Apple .
12 littleknown tips and tricks for Apple Music
Hey ESPN your app sucks right now. Cant watch anything. All my other Apple TV apps work just fine right now. FIXIT
New Macbook product available  Shrimp and the Angler Fish Decal Sticker for Apple Macbook and other Laptops ......
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung
Helped my grandparents be at my cousins wedding in AZ thank you FaceTime Apple . Brb silently sobbing from the cuteness. 
Wth Apple  Not good at all. Signed a Christian apple user 
BuyAnker Lightning to USB Cable 3ft 0.9m Apple MFi Certified Cable for iPhone 6s Malaysia shop click here
Wild how something so seemingly insignificant makes such a big difference on the fit and finish of the OS
My diet consists of energy drinks apple juice and chicken wings... bot
An apple orchard reminds me of home  NYC  travel americana american fall nature 
Fall is coming... And its bringing Apple pieTwitterFood TheCooksCook CountryLiving bakersunite momlife 
This apple leaks lately tho
. Apple why are the snooze and stop alarm buttons so close to each other
Hey bologna Apple sauce whatever your name is get out of here
Same here new to team samsung after years of Apple 2 days in and the phone started lagging. Sick of paying Samsung for this shit.
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue
Cant get an Apple Music link but i got a Spotify code for ya 
The expectations of our program are clearly stated up front. Teachers apply who are interested  its totally optional.
BlackBerry Deutsche Bank replaces companyissued BlackBerry handsets with the Apple iPhone  Phone Arena
So did we We hit up the welland farmers market to buy some Paula Reds from the best apple farmers in niagara Johnson farms of course
No I know. I have one thru apple and Southwest Airlines.
I really be ready to fight whenever I bite into an apple and that shit is bittersoft.
Drinking an Apple Ale Thumbprint by newglarusbeer 
newgersy With iPhone Economy Dances to Apple s Tune  New Gersy
espn Your WatchESPN app is garbage. Ive tried online phone app and Apple TV but it still stalls more than I watch games
I liked a YouTube video
Question Discussion concerning Apple TOS and warranty via rjailbreak
how is over n over gonna come on right after across the universe .. apple music wants me dead
Time to boycott Apple America
apple 
Apple Partners with the SPLC a TerrorLinked Group Selling Hate
How can you not be these days Apple streamlined their products so effectively its hard not to be apple everything
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone
Someone just came into Consumers and bought the big ditch cinnamon apple beer because he seen my tweet on their page
Apple Files Trademark Application for Apple Pay Cash PeertoPeer Payments Service in European Union  Mac Rumors
apple appeared they wanted to and would help me out with my phone. So I sent it. Just for them to send it back. Well played
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone  Gold Silver Rose Gold Gray
Mrs. GREEN APPLE StaRt
Fall apple pictures at Medina Country Club. apples red art 
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 16GB FREE SHIPPING Apple
HI there are 2 versions of GSE IPTV for apple tv  one is free to try  other one is paid  free version has watermark
i want that apple music link
MY CINNAMON APPLE  SOMEONE WHO APPRECIATES ME 
how do i add it to apple music tho
Reggae Land Riddim Remix album available on Apple KeronWilliams streetdigital ...
Ive owned Apple first was the clamshell laptop and buying my first PC this fall.
coming to you live from the apple store bc i left the fair
Apple Crisp
APPLE NATURAL FLAVORING EXTRACT 4 OZ
true. thats my guy and we def will. and im on iTunes Spotify Apple Music
srinivasancj Google shows off ARCore its answer to Apple s ARKit
Fall is my favourite season. Sweaters hot chocolate apple picking pumpkin picking hayride corn mazes thanksgiving Halloween
Iron Addicts  Sidewalk Kraka 30 Srv SOUR APPLE CLUMPY BUT USEABLE
received my apple and Eve voxbox everything complimentary from influenster. aefruitforthought
I drink just about anything but crown Apple is my 1 drink
You could make a Nazi flag with just a big red Apple in the center of the swasti. Small but very noticeable.
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
I guess if I was that into it maybe but I forsure am an apple person all the way
Seesaw your ambassador program requires Ts to write about you on social media  run PD in return for free access. Its exploitation.
I need to stop using the payment plans with att. With my phone iPad and Apple Watch my bill was 250 and thats just one line
Apple I was just trying to make it long enough to preorder the iphone8 but cant even do that
Jumped off the Apple train. What up Samsung
Pancetta with apple and fried sage
I will create something amazing with this free Apple Keynote Template
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
Hope youre enjoying the Big Apple  lloydyefc10
Apple MacBook Pro A1286 15.4 Laptop  MC371LLA April 2010
Apple Dumplings with Lemon Soda 
Best Voice Recording Apps for your Apple Watch
Best Voice Recording Apps for your Apple Watch
Rey order this book bag and this case for my Apple Watch
Just saw this on Amazon House Finch Singing in Apple Tree Fine Art ... by One Sky Creations for 34.00
THE WAY OF THE FAIRY GODMOTHER by redemptwarrior New Apple eBook Medalist Winner
Best Voice Recording Apps for your Apple Watch
Best Voice Recording Apps for your Apple Watch
Warren Buffett is up billions on his Apple bet
Da Capo ft Apple  Forever. Eish DacapoSA mara
Everyone just gonna miss the fact that her apple logo is floating lmao
Apple cider vinegar in warm water with a little bit of honey will help relieve cramps and bloating
youre the early worm in the Granny Smith apple youre the eye of the needle that can accommodate a camel
Apple pie frap 
I just checked in at Apple Tree Guest with CricketRewards Download today
Apple and Accenture teaming up to help enterprises build advanced mobility tools
First attempt at apple crisp. I mostly followed a recipe...
What time Jay goes on  I got my green apple Smirnoffs  some hot wings... we doin it up tonight baby 
An apple a day... Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory San Marcos
Apple force you to spend money on their products by being impossible and then have their product fail
Yeah Im about to cancel my Apple Music real soon and just get Tidal back. This app crash one more time and I swear..
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
apple thing
Apple eyeing Hollywood studio where The Matrix was shot
And if you wanna avoid that gotta spend more money on a larger memory NEXT TIME.
MASSIVE APPLE PRODUCT GIVEAWAY MAC IPAD IPHONE I WATCHES GIVEAWAY
Omg Connie wears a different Apple Watch every weekwish I had that many colours
I CAN GET PANERA DELIVERED ONLINE Wait. Is this only for iPhone God I hate Apple innovation.
FINALLY GOT ME SOME APPLE BUTTER FOR MY MOD
Now I gotta drive to the closest Apple Store thats atleast 45 minutes away to get my shit fixed...
Apple would still find a way to charge 500 for that
Try with vodka and apple juice equal parts ... apple martini
Just like TrumpRussia theres nothing linking Apple to Russia. Were not SJWs we dont deal in the lies of poisoned apples.
danielhowell did you no an apple a gay keeps the dentist away
Not many people know it. But apple is slowly dying. Its the next yahoo of search.
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
Just paid for a parking meter w Apple Pay AMA
Apple to set up its first data centre in China
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Join Apple supporting USs largest HATE group SPLC targets critics of Islam EVEN tho Islam calls for killing gayspunishing rape VICTIMS 
Drinking a Cinnamon Apple Amber Ale by bigditchbrewing 
Drinking a Spire Mountain Dark  Dry Apple Cider by spiremountain at famousdaves 
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
TIL that Apple is a even more terrible company than I thought and Im the guy to go to if you need help with Ethernet cables 
15 Apple MacBook Pro 2.8 GHz Core i7 2015 16GB RAM New Screen AMD Radeon
Apple
Display Release on apple CAST
Apple s Next iPhone Comes September 12 on Apple s New Campus
At least the MacBook is under warranty.
I used to not blame Lonzo for his dad but I cant back this recklessness. Apple Tree. Call me old school idc. Nas  all that nonsense.
Apple  Amazon Google and Microsoft are rapidly working to improve their virtual assistants ISYS1021
Can tell the iphone8 is about to come out because my iPhone7s  which has been perfect has started the Apple prelaunch meltdown
Why cant i fucking retweet from my Apple watch
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Pro 9.7 256GB Rose Gold at 79.99 on O2 4G Mobile Broadb...
Have an apple . sketch apple draw 
Reggae Land Riddim Remix album available on Apple keronwilliams streetdigital 
Apple s iPhone 8 may allow triggering Siri by holding sleepwake button.
And I cracked my Apple Watch...Yeeeeeeeeeee
So by the time the next iPhone comes out youre phone is all of a sudden slower and low on storage...
The iPhone ecosystem needs strength training accessories  especially from Apple .
I find pleasure in playing songs in Apple Music and looking at the lyrics to make sure Im singing correctly lol
This week on appleinsider  Apple s Sept. 12 iPhone 8 event TV ambitions Hurricane Harvey relief  more.
MASSIVE APPLE PRODUCT GIVEAWAY MAC IPAD IPHONE I WATCHES GIVEAWAY
Thanks attcare apple for fukn me one more time 
This is not a bad apple .
Apple is there a contact I can use to send a positive customer service review
apple
Who doesnt like apple picking A New England tradition.
Leaked doc shows what is  isnt covered in Apple s iPhone warranty repairs.
Award winning novella A Bite of the Apple
They are 160 but supposedly the best apple product since the ipod
Neato Botvac D7 Connected smart home vacuum enhances iPhone Apple Watch command options.
For all our friends who use Apple Music you can find the turnmyeyes EP here
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Rumors rename iPhone 7s to iPhone 8 leaving moniker for Apple s 1000 OLED model up for debate.
Thank God for Tidal  Apple TV. I couldnt imagine being out there right now. Home feels dry  warm.
I think we decided peach chocolate vanilla strawberry raspberry and apple
All my apple products been tripping
Just started working via app on Apple TV
Apple closing Simi Valley store with no replacement ahead of iPhone 8 launch.
Abby I had an apple for the 1st time in class. Did you know not all apples taste the same Dad Wow youre learning so much in college
Check out Apple AirPort Express CD 802.11n disc version 1.4 Apple
Video Everything you can do with the Apple Pencil.
Hey yeah i got it thanks
Idk about yall but Im living my middle aged goals in college rn. I walk around skinny in a black silk robe drinking fancy apple juice
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 9.99 on O2 SIM Only 1...
Apple s Watchoriented fitness lab tops 66000 hours of data 10000 subjects.
Its Only Logical That Apple Is Putting Its Software Guy In Charge Of Siri AI Siri Apple
im sick eating baked beans and an apple cider doughnut in the basement watching college football
Apple updates leadership page with new hires shift in Siri lead to Craig Federighi.
Apple is a db. Wym I cant charge my phone and listen to music at the same time. Tripping Apple
Apple Pay Cash coming to Europe trademark application confirms.
Apple needs to remove that do not disturb feature. Im tryna wake people up because I cant sleep
Apple cider its the bees knees
Apple said to be eyeing Culver Studios as homebase for Hollywood production push.
The appleinsider Podcast talks iPhone 8 Apple s Sept. 12 event and a future without a home button.
IS IT APPLE
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
How Apple could become a 1 trillion company
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
This world without a happy ending is simply like a rotten apple that you cannot able to eat it I need more interesting love stories
Just so you know. My mom had a tumor in her pancreas thankfully noncancerous. She just wanted music to comfort her but alas no phone.
u said it  the apple does not fall far from the tree
No more apple product for me
Display Release on apple CAST
Apple trees grow apples....a legacy.
128GB iPhone 6S Apple Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone 2GB128GB 12MP
Apple pie...........Theres a short film
Hmu if you got any reviews on Apple air pods. If they are worth investing or not
This henny and apple juice got me right as hell.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
When really they just taxed yo ass for another 1.53GS of memory
Im at Apple NorthPark Center in Dallas TX
128GB iPhone 6S Apple Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone 2GB128GB 12MP
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung  Reuters
NowPlaying OG Boo Dirty  Shooter on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
in much shame i must admit i thought squircle was another term for a rounded rectangle. designerFail  But alwaysLearning
Meh apple was messing with you. It wasnt 104 in frisco.
Bone apple tea 
when u cant watch the news wo seeing 12 officers making poor decisions day after day. the bad apple argument starts 2 deteriorate.
Opening the box to an Apple product is so satisfying
Off the phone. Stuck watching the game on the Apple TV espn app
It always stresses me out when horses try to take a whole apple like nooo youre going to dramatically choke and think youre gonna die
iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Design Secret
Why BigTech  Apple  Google Is Scaling Back on SelfDriving Cars. by SeyiFabo
If you wanna know about my hometown heres this the Apple Store there is the first in the country to ever shut down permanently
So you paid 500 to eat an apple from a picnic basket on a slab of turf in the cold rain and 
So iPhone 66 users with bent phones because of a faulty design are out of luck..... nice one apple
In between phone releases they update you to death...youre thinking great my iPhone is getting better...
Apple watch 38mm
25daysofJOC An apple a day keeps Jocey happy 
Shrimp and the Angler Fish Decal Sticker for Apple Macbook and other Laptops ...  brutalvisual more at
So ... is you the new Apple atl exec ... enquiring minds need to know ....
 Apple MFi Certified ZeroLemon Lightning to USB Plastic PVC Cable 10 Feet  3 Meter  Enhanced..
my coworker buying his gf an apple watch and i cant even get a text back
Spontaneous apple picking with my partner in crime. . These are the things we come up with when
MASSIVE APPLE PRODUCT GIVEAWAY MAC IPAD IPHONE I WATCHES GIVEAWAY
Lmfaooooooo Nigga subscribed to Apple pussy
Ill have to send ya a picture of that tshirt I have of the Apple family. Im wondering if youd be interested in having it.
Apple turnovers. Macaroons. Gingerbread.
Get ideas on Home Styling with LookRev interior decoration Apple 
Apple Gone piss me off I wanna talk to a real live person
Now I will def buy the 8 Thank you Apple .
Apple yall hiring
Lol just saw two hooligans smoke out of an apple . Just go buy a piece you dumbasses.
apple store in the mall genius bar waiting list without an appt its the new dmv
I gotta update my Apple Music I forgot that attraction 2 cows is what keeps us standing on this type of shit.
 command  S  Apple design dtp insatsu
Omg the pickle lady made ASMR Apple sounds. Thats my worst nightmare
Im having a Kebab and drinking shots of Apple sours. Life is good or horrific... Yes I know its horrific
Apple iPad Air 2 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray FREE PRIORITY SHIPPING via eBay
Good afternoon. Dont forget to purchase Reggae Land Riddim Remix on Apple keronwilliams
Noooo I just spent 200 at an Apple Store.
I must say that the watch espn Apple TV app letting you multicast 2 3 or 4 games is a nice upgrade. Will be handy all season.
Neither device would connect to the hospitals WiFi. That was more on the hospitals end but the entire deal was a nightmare.
I ACCIDENTSLLY DOWNLOADED WE LIKE ON MY SISTERS APPLE MUSIC I CANF VREATGW 
11 Apple s Eddy Cue has been in charge of Siri since software chief Scott Forestall left the company in 2012. Now 
Martin closes Meows 4 and 5 for Lincoln Commons along with an Apple Watch series 2 sale Thats Entertainment 5  6 for LC today RMRwins 
okay i kinda want an apple but im 96 hours into a fast and i want to at least make it to 110115 hours
AppleWatch MacRumors Giveaway Win a Sport Strap for the Apple Watch From Nomad  Mac Rumors
LOOK AT HIS THICC ASS NECK AND HIS ADAMS APPLE YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Cody sat down as he ate an apple looking out to the lake with his only eye left.
Apple iPhone 5c  8GB  Pink
why are iphone chargers not called apple juice
its pinkie pie not apple jack
espn WatchESPN app doesnt work properly on Apple TV or Xbox. Get your shit together.
win an apple watch
i literally hung up on apple support 3 times because im frustrated and dont know what 2 do.. broke my phone.. again lol
via Google Deutsche Bank replaces companyissued BlackBerry handsets with the Apple iPhone  Phone Arena
Apple Headlines iPhone 8 launch date iPhone 7S leaks Apple s wireless charging trick
I dont understand this. You cant remove safari web browser from iPhone. Also theres pictures of Trump using an Apple laptop
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Factory Unlocked Smartphone  Silver Gray Gold
Im sorry the old ebeth cant come to the phone rn Why Oh her Apple hardware is broken and she cant callaccept calls
People should be more aware about quality products such as the Apple iPhone instead of all the other trash like Cup Noodles.
New iPad 10.5 and some sweet toys to go with it Thanks for being a loyal sprint customer Ricardo. BITW WCTA Apple YearOfTheBase 
I found the Apple music interface more complicated and the platform selection more limited. Spotify works on every platform
Wow. Apple is apparently replacing water damaged devices from Hurricane Harvey free of charge. No questions asked.
. apple can you make a cordlessBluetooth charger so I dont spend my life savings on new cords every 6 months. Thanks.
son you know apple dont know nun but white ppl names lls
Finally since I couldnt fix the problem at home I had to drive back to the hospital get the iPad bring that home and fix everything.
She got apple slices instead of fries.
IDC Wearables grew 10.3 in Q2 2017 Xiaomi leads Apple and Fitbit as Samsung drops out of top 5
iPhone select to copy text is god awful Apple . good luck copying a phone number.
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
Nah not on Netflix or the Apple Store
TheMilesMcKenna an apple a gay keeps the dentist away  I like the emo bag
Dear apple why does Siri not understand how to take a screen capture Bixby does. Even if landscape mode confuses her.
Happy 18th Birthday Ate Apple  Godbless you and Mbtc. See you later hihi. recanaelamaef
Apple Movie ...
Huawei launches its first A.I. mobile chip with Apple reportedly set to enter market
omg i wanted to check if my old iphone 4s is still alive and look how beautiful the old music app was I HATE U apple applesupport 
I figured it out... Apple think they slick...
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue
Apple set to unveil new iPhone
I liked a YouTube video
Ultra Thin Slim TPU Gel Skin Cover Case Pouch for Apple iPhone 7 6 Plus 5 SE
5 Reasons To Try Apple AR On Your iPhone And iPad
double it or Im going to Apple Music ... 
Apple MacBook Pro MF840LLA 13.3Inch Laptop with Retina Display 256 GB SSD
Apple iOS 11 Public Beta 8 Drops Early  Heres Everything You Need To Install  Forbes
I just ate some apple pie. It was tasty GamergAte
Sunday Specials Amish white bread Cinnamon apple scones Chefs choice quiche Highland grog coffee Iced Moka...
apple cider yun eh
Check out Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone Apple TouchScreen
10.All of the UBACares UBAGroup customer service I spoke to for over 1 week didnt know that I couldnt register the card on Apple
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Like motherlike daughter. Hypocridiots Learntoread We havent forgotten HillaryForPrison
Apple would be out of business because we all know the woman is always right. IfSiriWereAMan
Just surprised Apple got something right for once 
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
Problem 3. Thats great youre at odds with Microsoft but why do I have to suffer The home computer is not a trusted device sad
I was at apple ILM event yesterday and they said it was a she.
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
Anyone that has teamspeak for apple iPhone please dm me
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
that reminds me i forgot to add the golden apple from minecraft how could i be so dumb
POWER BLAST RADIO Tuneinnow HOUSEMUSIC  DISCO ITunes USERS APPLE  IIphone
Apple aye hoe why I keep running out of space I got like 3 apps on my phone
When you make granola and your apartment smells like apple pie yum cooking foodhatesmebutIlovefood
I am a Christian splcenter  I am not a terrorist not a racist not hateful like SPLC  apparently Apple
Maybe his plan is to also indirectly threaten Apple via Samsung a big supplier to Apple
I got everything Apple except my phone but I think Im going to get the new iPhone 8. No more android for me.
Found the first thing to bug me in ios11 whats with Apple screwing with the letter a
Refurbished Apple iPad Air 128GB Silver WiFi ME906LLA
Totally loving these apple shaped cupcakes.
AUNT ROSE IS BRINGING OUT THE APPLE PIE This is not a drill
What about russian doll apple  when you get to the core theres sth hideous inside. A play on trumprussia. Link Apple to scandal.
I bought some crown apple and a new cranberry apple juice
I know. I was thinking of that conversation when I looked at it. Good thing I only own one Apple product.
i need apple music to put the studio version of she makes dirty words sound pretty on there
Apple s new Greater China and People VPs join Leadership ranks Federighi takes over Siri
mY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE ILY
Brought mine a few months ago. Love it Was promised Apple CarPlay when I ordered it. When is it coming to the car 
IfSiriWereAMan hed cheat on a great company like Apple with Samsung
Problem 2 on the iphone it wouldnt accept the Captcha and I entered exactly what I saw and each it time it just reset.
People dont understand that my stomach capacity is the size of a large apple . Its so tiny
Nah hes not in Syria. The apple would be brown with all that heat.
Apple s new headquarters could cost 2 billion more than planned report says  The Mercury News
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue  Engadget
New Apple iPhone 7Plus 256GB Matte Black Unlocked Sealed Pack Special Offer
Apple iWatch AppleWatch 7000 42mm Space Gray Aluminium Case Black Sport Band MJ3T2LLA
Apple back to school felties
SmartWatch AppleWatch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP062LLA w bands
I caved and bought an Apple Watch today
having to spend more than 30 for apple headphones
MLPSeason3  E9 Apple Family Reunion. Applejack is a micromanaging master. And get her own song MLPFiM
Apple sends out invites for iPhone8 event on September 12
In an Icelandic queer bar Bar guy So what drinks you guys want to have Apple cider Random guy Can I see you penis
I wish my phone stayed charged like my Apple Watch
Apple AirPods  White MMEF2AMA Genuine Airpod  Sealed New Retail BoxShip Fast
iPhone Stuck on Apple logo boot loop then red screen
A fun day at the Apple Festival wirh my friend Amy. Free apple tasting a little shopping and a
baking my first Spice apple cake of the season. sorrynotsorry
3 stop day of festivals. Apple Festival Wing Festival finished off with the Greek Festival 
Please RT iphone ipad mac No Concessions For Apple in India As State Mobile Manufacturing Policy Up For..
apple
I use no apple products.
puts vodka in a water bottle and whiskey in an apple juice bottle
Apple iMac 21.5 Desktop AllInOne Mac Computer  3.06Ghz  Three Year Warranty BuyNOW 549 deal ebay
Apple s OS chief is taking over Siri from Eddy Cue
StrapsCo Premium Rubber Strap for Apple Sport Watch Band 38mm  42mm  Choice of Length  Color..
And you were saying apple products are sturdier i dropped my phone on concrete...the concrete splintered.
Ill go apple picking tomorrow if it finally stops raining.
MASSIVE APPLE PRODUCT GIVEAWAY MAC IPAD IPHONE I WATCHES GIVEAWAY
The first time I was introduced to Infinite the moment I laid my eyes on you I have decided. You were the apple of my eye. 
Gotta say this is the best Cider I have tried.  Drinking a Baked Apple Childs Play Beer Garden 
Brand New Apple IPhone 6s Plus 5.5 Retina 16GB 4G LTE GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone Price 409.99 ...
Nah apple would be the iArse
When does your great  apple  do things like this for yall.
Just so you know. We couldnt log in nor reset the password. So we couldnt log in to the support nor the community. I fixed it.
Drinking a Gran Met aged in Apple Brandy barrels and wishing next barrel room release they include a new 22 ounce snifter for purchase
Omg I hate Apple they told me they cant fix my phone Honey your phone looks like its been run over by a truck. Jobs anit gonna save you
would be at apple for that price mate
And who said Islam was a raceIf Muslims had been Satans chosen then they would be the apple of Rothschilds eye not u.... Dum Dum Jew
Im at Apple Park in Cupertino CA
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Break The Rules Charli XCX APPS Apple
bone apple tea my new wallpaper 
Mm bone apple teeth
Im having problems with the ESPN app in generalboth on my Apple TV and my iPhone.
Apple .....Tree
iPhone 8 rumor roundup What to expect at Apple s landmark event iphone
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
Its official Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th 
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung charlottesgotalot
GrillingHack  Spray meat w apple juice as it cooks. It will keep your meat moist tender and give it an extra flavor kick. 
Its official Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th 
Its official Apple to unveil iPhone 8 at new HQ on September 12th 
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Castles an Sovereign the Royal Domain by Max Priest on Apple Music
tiptoes by and steals a caramel apple 
I really thought the Apple slices were French fries and I was like 
Such a fake taste...  Drinking a Sour Apple Dank by pizzaportbeer Goody Cottage 
Love.  Drinking an Apple Brandy Barrel Noir by Prairieales 
Apparently Kim loves apple computers.
What about after apple picking
Apple cider is where its at
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung
saturdaymusic stream Never Too Late  Single Toy Boy Smitty RBSoul Listen On Apple Music
Ooouu imagine working at Apple for Black Friday Im applying tonight lmao
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Silver Unlocked Clean IMEI Free Shipping
Anna Vocino as SIRI the Waitress
one bad apple spoils the bunch
MacGizmoGuy on FlipBoard  Apple Gadget News 
For apple bread Come at me
Apple iPhone 6S 128GB GSM Smartphone UnlockedRefurbished. Only 499 Limited supplies
Do you honestly think his co workers were surprised by his actions A bad apple spoils the lot
Apple iPhone tenth anniversary model is now rumored to be the iPhone X
Im still on how he just drank that Henny like it was apple juice
Leaving me on read wtf is that. YOUS MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE .
I just downloaded the datpiff app for random tapes that dont go on Apple Music and it works well
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
vika7 Crunchy crispy succulent apple strudel and cream sometimes you need a warm pud lol Thinkingofyou  StayStrong ILoveYou  
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
The espn app on Apple TV is so bad its embarrassing.
Apple cider apple pie apple funnel cake apple lube apple condoms apple buttplugs
hey apple . i get that u are coming out w a new phone but stop messing w mine. im not buying a new one
Ten pomodoros of work  ALL the laundry made potato salad  apple crumble during the breaks. Im of fire doctoratelife 
Display Release on apple CAST
Why my manager got his girlfriends Apple ID and be controlling her phone
Apple MacBook Pro 13.3Inch Laptop with Retina Display Intel Core i7 3.1GHz
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
This was his last bite at the apple he wasnt gonna get reelected after that last supper photo2 kill of gay rights in his state
Pre. How do you change your apple watch face Feb 13 2016 . Face change program D free minecraft server free minecraft mods free...
An apple a day keeps the doctor away If you dont have a green thumb bring in a bowl of fruit to add color and life to your space. 
Im losing my Germanness recently drank apple juice without sparkling water added.
I made a frozen apple smoothie and have Chinese food on order.
High quality...  Drinking an Apple Felix Love by newbelgium at eatdantes 
Bottle 6 Sweet  spicy Ginger  clove add a spicy accent balanced by a beautiful sweetness from coldbrewed blacktea  apple  orange. 
Wizard101 People using Apple computers or laptops cant get onto wizard101. Please fix quick and thanks for the help.
Thoughts on the future of AV s  OS data regulation Apple Microsoft Google Uber BMW
8. UBACares customer services tells me after 1wk of phone calls that I cant register my card on Apple  that its a new policy UBAGroup
Please RT if you like architecture design architects interiordesign Apple Releases New MacBook...
Tart strong apple taste super delish  Drinking a Foudre 2 St. Joseph of Cerrillos 
Apple cider vinegar smells so fucking bad
News Scoop or Apple former beatsbydre landlord hedging against other delayed interest. Time kills all deals  realestate or otherwise.
Tinder becomes highest grossing app on Apple s App Store  beating out Netflix Pandora and Cl...
Today I made breakfast with the love of my life had an apple cider slushy and its getting colder out. Im truly blessed.
I remember waiting in line at the Chicago Apple Store for Panther. I think I still have dogtags they had as a giveaway. We were 1st in line.
Pac12Network still no directv and no Apple TV app. You still suck.
I would really love for Apple to make a phone that you dont have to charge. Wouldnt that be great
Brother got me an Apple laptop
Update no hot apple cider in my house 
WORD .. THIS SHIT IS RIDICULOUS .. Apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi  3G Verizon 9.7in  Black for 0.99 with 2d 23h via eBay
tedkravitz was not the Apple bloke chatting in the bar  seems it was some guy from JCB.
I dont know you but I will NEVER buy one of his Apple products. Like Soros he has too much money  not using it wisely
Time to BOYCOTT Apple 
Seen the fat one from Prides on Ashton Lane today looking at clouds. He had a backwards red NY hat on and was eating a pepper like an apple .
Display Release on apple CAST
Apple s Real Reason for Finally Joining the Net Neutrality Fight 
Last Apple product I will ever buy. BoycottAppleProducts
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
My cinnamon apple  you know you did me wrong
We sell PowerbankiPhone 6 Apple watchiPad Air 2iPad Mini 2MacbookMultichargerJust Check
Im bouta start catching Pokmon again. Especially since Go has Apple Watch compatibility.
CherryPawMicro getting so much stuff for my birthday like an Apple Watch Nike iPhone 8 or Pro and iPad Pro 10.5 inch
Ashleys mama threw down and Im forever grateful I had ribs  a hot dog macaroni green beans yams baked beans apple pie  cobbler
Apple is expected to unveil 10th anniversary iPhones at its September 12 event
You the love of my life. The Apple of my eyes. Do happy that you mine. Love you till the day I die.
Seth MacFarlane  Ariana Grande on Apple Music
Limited Edition Apple Pie Oreo Cookies 
Its not one bad apple . The soil of the orchard itself is toxic.
Steve Jobs Biography Review
Its very painful to realize that Apple uses our love of music for their commercial purposes
Apple Makes Another Enterprise Push with Accenture Pact  Redmond Channel Partner
I think Scotts point with Apple products iPad iPhone iPod was meant to show that cannibalism of ones own product line can win bigly.
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
. Apple if Genius Bar reservations are running a half hour behind itd be genius to send a text alert to keep from wasted time. waiting
apple
No matter how you cut this apple its pretty rotten. Because you know that money isnt going to go anywhere but his pockets. If its true.
7 Tried at midnight still getting declined. Call UBAGroup customer service where I am told that I cant use the card to register on Apple
I had an Apple TV 2nd generation that was Jailbroken. I got rid of it because it constantly needed updating. We have an Android box now.
BankofIrelandUK any word on Apple Pay
Not impressed with Apple products still using them thoooo
Adam did not want the apple for the apple s sake he wanted it because it was forbidden. Mark Twain marktwain
Apple Music doesnt have ads so fuck Spotify
Rick Ross  apple of my eye
The big Apple shocked me today. I missed the older kids they would have loved it. We fed goats
apple probably is
Apple iPhone 6Plus  32GB  Gold Smartphone
Get Apple Music
Pumpkin Apple Waffles Loaded w both of falls favorite flavors these make a fabulous start to your day recipe 
Pink apple
Beautiful looks everyday w LookRev jewelry Custom ring Apple 
Hey HairForceOne any hint for Apple event on 12 
Technology news September 1st 2017 FCC Net Neutrality Apple Instagram Windows 10 and more 
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12
What kind of apple we talking You wouldnt get that with an eve or a jazz
Leaked Document Reveals How Apple Decides If Your iPhone Eligible for Service
Apple iPad Pro 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Rose Gold New via eBay
I love southern cookin. I came home today to grilled ribs for dinner and apple pie for dessert
Apple CEO Tim Cook Featured in Commercials for Auburn University Video timcook
SUNGJONG REALLY GOT THE BIGGEST APPLE HEADUDSILJFKDMF DF
So. Why Bacon Hes just casually sitting on the ceiling criss cross apple sauce. Yes I said that. Dont judge me.
shout out to the bartender who when i asked for a cider gave me a weird look and a cup that carbonated apple juice
I think he has an Apple Watch. It must show his polling approval rating with a minutebyminute update. Perpetual decline
I enjoy Sargento Natural String Cheese when I need a quick snack with an apple its the best ad SargentoCrowd
MOEEEEE I cant fuckimgg merge my calls bob tf TYPE SHIT APPLE ON 
all i want is an apple watch for my birthday.....cough cough
So Apple Music has womb sounds I can finally put JuJu to bed and be on my phone instead of on YouTube
iPhone Charger Anker PowerLine Lightning Cable 3ft Apple MFi Certified  Charging Cable for..
Apple should have given that money to hurrican Harvey victims and not to a hate group. Now we know where their hearts really are
apple
Apple iPhone tenth anniversary model is now rumored to be the iPhone X
Do Not Use Apple Cider Vinegar If Youre On Any Of These Medications  A Must Watch Video
It doesnt
Yeah.. Promise is a debt. What you sow is what you reap. You cant plant corn to reap apple
The reality is that all of these products are absurdly unnecessarily expensive. An apple or a bag of Fritos is also vegan.
Can you get anime OSTs on Apple Music
I wouldnt trust apple either 
I liked a YouTube video
Just woke up from a depression nap ate warm apple sauce and 2 Shelly shenbei cracker things
Ive been swallowing water with a hint of Snapple Apple for almost two weeks.
We went apple and raspberry picking and then tried some cider and wines and I got scwasty bc their 1oz pours were actually 2oz
Yeah. You cld use the whiteness against them. Arent 80 of Apple young white men anyway
Now to order new bands for my Apple Watch amazon
Jadyn phone broke and she texting me from the Apple Store
Moment of Clarity  Backstage of Redacted Tonight with Lee Camp by Lee Camp on Apple Podcasts
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
That looks like an Apple product.
With iPhone Economy Dances to Apple s 
Dammit Apple gotta get on that for the next generation watch. If that happens Ill definitely get one.
 On My MiND from WanteD WanteD  EP by Mrs. GREEN APPLE 
Son so you know every album thats in my Apple Music
Oh tell that to my grandfathers that spilled their blood for the freedoms you enjoy apple pie and baseball notpart ofyourculturetheyaremine
Fried chicken n green beans tonight. N apple pie. Oh lord yes. N a cookout Monday.
omg look my snowcone it was. apple pie n So Good 
Apple  IBM Google hold keys to make EHR data more actionable Kalorama says  Healthcare IT News
Apple so when a new MacBook come out the older ones start messing up just like the iphones Im suppose to drop 1600 on a new one
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB Gold Unlocked  bad usa  New in box oem gsm global
Guessing youre Apple Watch doesnt work lmao idk why I thought youd reply
I dump all apple stock last month
I use Logic Pro X because Im an Apple nut. Cubase isnt too bad on Windows though I didnt have the 2i2 and had a lot of driver issues.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB Gold Unlocked  bad usa  New in box oem gsm global
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB Gold Unlocked  bad usa  New in box oem gsm global
I NEED an apple . A crisp juicy sweet but kind of tart perfectly delicious apple . And I need it right now Of course we have no apples
Please RT decoration interiordesign In Season 3 Delicious Apple Recipes
Squircle
Zokala. Apple water is waiting. Almost finished too
Lowkey the spooky time of the year is coming but all I can think about is apple picking 
Apple and Blackberry should team up and make a phone called the Pie.
So which one are you going with Love the apple podcast app but after I subscribed to 20 I wished I could separate into folderscategories
wow i cant believe my apple sauce betrayed me
Some hot apple cider sounds great right now
Yummy. Apple pie. Want some vanilla ice cream
NEWYORK 2 TENNESSEE Out now on all major platforms Apple Music iTunes Spotify tidal
Leaked documents show Apple will no longer honor any warranties if the iPhone has passed through the digestive tract of a bear.
I liked a YouTube video
Ran to the farmers market earlier for Apple butter and Kevin let me build my own bouquet .
Its been 9 years and Ive just realised that the lyrics  apple bottom jeans is referring to the girls jeans making her butt look appleish 
i want a candy apple
Brilliant Butterfly Escape White Floral 15Inch Notebook Laptop Carrying Case Sleeve for Apple ..
Swear Im going to ram Jordans Apple watch up his arse... worst present ever
oh my god i got these caramel apple werthers originals and theyre so fucking good im
Apple IPad Air 1st Generation 64GB WiFi 9.7in  Silver Price 91.99 View and Buy this item ...
Apple Reveals When Itll Be Releasing The iPhone 8 See Date
Apple iPhone 7 Black 32GB  43999.00 27 OFF
Just plain. It was good though. Now I have apple pie for dessert.
3 plates a sangria  2 apple redds later
Apple picking now for yummy pies later. applesaremyfavorite familyfun Tuttle Orchards
Someone bring me a Carmel apple milkshake from Steak n Shake
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Talking Body Tove Lo APPS Apple
Apple needs to get this lag on cup pong under control. Tf 
4K Apple TV reportedly due out next month. link
Finally made it home with my new macbookpro . I went through hell to spend that money with Apple . 2017 MacBook Pro cannot be messed with.
16 Awesome Apple Recipes and Projects for Fall
Up with your honorable Billy Graham  his Quince essential Mr. Roberts The apple . Falls for the likes of Jimmy Swaggart Baker whos first
just a bad apple  your time is soon i dont forgive i dont forget its gona hurt
I dont begrudge people this pumpkin stuff but I wish apple would get more love. Like why isnt apple dumpling ice cream a thing
Of couse it is dream  Hipster company  Free food  Warm  Ocean  Maybe pay. Better is only in Apple because they build new office.
The point is that baby would eat both the rabbit and the apple if it was hungry.
Id imagine Spotify would get it way before Apple Music
I would love to be there but will just watch it online
Translucent Apple of Elvenkind
More Clinton BS. The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
I spent 32 minutes working out with Apple Health. 253 calories burned. LoseIt
When will an updated app for Apple TV gen 23 be available
if you were a fruit youd be a fine apple Pineapple Fountain
Today alone Ive already had 1 Pumkpin Spice latte from Mcds 2 caramel apple shake from steakshake 3 Pumpkin Pie Blizzard
Apple iPhone 5C 16GB Green Very Good condition
Tech Deals 17 10.5Inch iPad Pro Case 25 Off LIFX Bulbs 5 Apple Watch Band More
Apple  I never understood why I hated you... Now I KNOW
Apple Car engineers get new jobs  High Sierra Hackintoshes on tmodaily
Shes watching her toob on the apple tablet.
DIY Apple Pie Tea Light Candles 
Apple Jacks
Every miserable person should watch this  Apple in throat 
I have boycotted Apple  forever. Never bought anything from them
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
RT ePrintedBooks 1 click away from launching your eBook in global distribution. Amazon Apple  B  N  Kobo etc
Idk why everyone is always talking about pumpkin spice when apple cider is the true hero of fall...
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
Timeless response to not all white people are racist. When the entire system is rotten seeking solace in a few good apples is no solution 
NikeSupport Went for out and back run using NRC Apple Watch app. iPhone was with me. Any idea why start point is late Miles are accurate. 
F is a mistake. Cant disrespect the super fruit let that. I agree with apple in b tier tbh
Macbook Pro 13 Case 2016  2017 iBlason Heavy Duty Dual Layer Cover with TPU Bumper for Apple Macbook Pro 13
I had a choice to either go to a different Apple Store and pick it up there or order it onlinewait  use a temporary phone till it comes
Were here to help get your Mac connecting to WiFi. Have you tried restarting your Mac from the Apple menu in the top left yet
Shoulda taken her to a museum like I did mine. Bought myself a few weeks I think Apple pickin during a bye and 2017 will be smooth sailing
Grab an apple  consistently every day. Your health will thank you for it. Healthcare HealthyLiving healthylifestyle nutrition 
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA  USA TODAY
I think you exaggerate what can be afforded by two apple store salaries and you ignore the more important career path point.
Check out CD 123 ECM Co. SF IN Beautiful Apple Green Dont Miss This Insulator
Huawei unveils faster phone chip says can beat Apple  Samsung
Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears
Honolulu trends now Adidas DACA Apple  London Steelers.
feeds minky apple slices
Mommy why do you have an Apple sticker on your chromebook.
If youre still comfort food eating apple are the best kind
Show the Money. Stop spending or using other peoples money. I am sure Apple is able to hire all.
Reynolds faces Apple criticism from both Democrats and GOP  KCCI Des Moines
Your father is a traitor to his country and youre a traitor to your gender. Boy the apple really doesnt fall far does it
Apple for my tummy
Nope. Already spent my 80 with Apple .
this why you get apple music lmao
Tim Cook says he stands behind the 250 Dreamers currently working for Apple
Tim Cook says he stands behind the 250 Dreamers currently working for Apple
Thank you. Not only is racism in the eye of the beholder it is the apple of the eye of the beholder. Hilarious article.
Apple CEO I stand with 039Dreamers039 Read more
when u drink apple juice do u prefer it cloudy or clear
Apple AppleSupport Guys can we pls get 3way FaceTime Pls like its so important we all want it  The holidays are coming up
Her1MPreordersParty If I was an Apple iPhone user I will pre order HER
Molly from  Apple  keeps calling our landline. Stooooooooop.
AVAILABLE NOW DAILY DOSAGE OUT NOW on iTunes Apple Music Spotify IMDb iHeartRadio Google
Apple Partners with the SPLC a TerrorLinked Group Selling Hate
Black Bird The Film will be released on VEVOYouTube during the next week Spotify and Apple Music later this month. Get Ready 
Dope Vol. 2 by EDDIE FUSE on Apple Music
NowPlaying Slim Thug Feat. Kirko Bangz  Addicted on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
I ended up working at one of the stalls for Island Bags and Suga Apple  Right next to the guy with the healthy drinks.
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Most stressful part of the day My mom telling me to take her apple pies out of the oven
I still remember my first encounter with rhubarb apple pie as a kid. In so many words I WTFed nobly.
I think I need a new phone apple
Bet you wouldnt go back... 
Noses are granny smith apple sunflowers are mediumaquamarine sugar is sweet and so on
Cedar apple rust is primarily a leaf disease. Those apples look like they may have apple scab and other issues
Im really debating to get the Apple headphones but I k ow my ass gonna lose em.
D.O.P.E  EP by EDDIE FUSE on Apple Music
i lost my appetite halfway through cooking so i guess im having sleep for dinner bone apple tea
I found an apple . Wanna share Nah. eats the whole apple 
Apple s BillionDollar Investment Provides a Blueprint for US Manufacturing
i got Hard Apple Pie from cost plus today im So Happy labor days gonna rock
Went to McDonalds 4 some pancakes then cut up an apple for my neice tho Im 2 tired 2 even stand. Is this what having a daughter is about
They ought to be deported immediately. Shame on Apple for employing illegal aliens.
i love apple juice
Apple AppleSupport is anyone else getting these emails 
I wish the BTA special album thing on Apple Music would have songs that didnt make it to the album that would be nice
A unique mead the Apple  Cherry really come through. I l... The Zombies Take Manhattan
Apple to FCC Protect net neutrality and dont allow online fast lanes.
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA  USA TODAY
Be aware guys phishing emails are around. phishing email apple steal private information 
craving apple juice and a hot pocket
Macbook Pro 13 Case 2016  2017 iBlason Heavy Duty Dual Layer Cover with TPU Bumper for Apple Macbook Pro 13
Tim Cook says he stands behind the 250 Dreamers currently working for Apple
I love apple cider
I have a Samsung j3 eclipse yeah no ones heard about it so apple wont fit 
If Apple made cars would it have windows in it 
Peek inside the Steve Jobs Theater ahead of Apple s iPhone 8 event
Apple has no shame.
Apple Cider Bread with Currants and a Crapload of Melty Butter
How to get your hands on a 180 smartphone designed to rival Apple Samsung  created by an Ottawa teen
Is the janitor working at Apple making 16 dollars an hour working their ass off less than Tim Cook do they get millions in stock options
When does this hit Apple Music
Me tries to sleep with my relaxed playlist. Apple music shuffles IMA GORILLA IN A FUCKING COUPE FINNA PULL UP TO THE ZOO NIGGA Me 
not even 800 and Im in my pjs sipping apple juice waiting for my parents to get home so we can watch a movie. Why am I like this
Apple is evil. I do think Trump is very aware of this. The Dems have created the tax shelters for these corps to do this.
NowPlaying rickyrozay  Apple of My Eye ft. RaphaelSaadiq  RAPaholics KNSRadio 1856
Finally joined the Apple watch cult. Ooooooooo eee.
it IS also pride day today. also the apple sauce is from the apples in their yard 0c how nice
clix  The Whole Life Nutrition Kitchen Coconut Sugar Apple Crisp
Chicken Express has the best drive thru apple pies dont me
is apple music really worth the money
Next he decided the to climb up the Apple tree but got stuck Can anyone help me 
Apple pie ala mode The best way to eat it. So good. dessert pie applepie icecream yum 
Apple arent at fault here the unregulated retail market is apple are giving a relatively liveable wage for an entry level position
Dont make me laugh. Apple s idea of innovation is getting rid of the headphone jack and making bells and whistles that arent practical.
If she brought her dog to a protest she shouldve acted responsible. Dont you think Throwing an apple at a cop is not ok.
An apple a day was rotten in the middle.
Im the type to eat an onion like an apple
Anyone interested in buy a serious 2 Apple Watch. Pink 42mm
I could really go for a banana split right now but Im just gonna eat this bowl of cottage cheese a chopped up apple  cinnamon.
Because ALDUBLoveProtects he always assure her that she is the only the apple of his eyes
Are u using an Apple  you should if youre not.
Recipe  Apple Galette
i read it. nigga isnt an apple thats being denied to white people. who cares what they want of the word that sounds so crazy to me nyk
Cheese Cake or Apple Pie for me.
Almond Apple Loaf is a buttery almond flavored pound cake is loaded with cinnamon sugared apples sp
Numba 1. No onions. No tomatoes. Mayo. Add cheese and jalapeos. Dr.Pepper easy ice. And an apple pie.
Have a good pup for your Sunday. Spotted at the Apple store in Uptown dog doggo 
Im determined to get the iced out Apple Watch
But the front facing camera dimple is so ugly. And Apple cant avoid that either.
Thanks. Now Im craving apple pie.
At Apple lounge
iPhones are definitely the best apple iphones best love
The SnyderSoundtrack  now on Apple Music  made a Public Playlist Snyder PreGame   thanks jeffburkhart kstate emaw 
I just want some apple cider.. why does giant eagle not have apple cider
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation
Check out Wooden Apple Inn Primitive
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation  Forbes
xxxtentacion no apple music I bought it i accept you 
me sliding in entirely uninvited to stan for apple 
Apple iPad Pro 9.7inch 32GB WiFi Gold MLMQ2LLA. 404.00 
We know the apple doesnt fall far from the tree EricTrump ..but still it must suck that your dad is such a conniving weasel.
Aurora waking up or Snow White after eating apple 
i dont want your apple pie mama
iOS 11 on iPad  Whats New
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Virtually decorate home LookRev furniture lighting Apple 
Roughly 23rds of Americans support DACA . Zero evidence that supporting DACA will hurt Apple .
Its Eat an Extra Dessert Day Whats one dessert you could eat all day long  Apple Cinnamon Cream Toast
Nothing small about this bad boy The Lil Breakfast 2 eggs toast apple pickle salad sausage patty or bacon home fries. SERVED DAILY 
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
if Im not answering any dms or what so ever it is because Im only using my old phone ATM until I figure my new one out aka goes to apple 
Apple has 600 billion dollars they paid ZERO TAXES ON WTF.....
Apple Cinnamon and Banana Nut
Twitter warriors I am with you. Together we will take our country back. Google  Apple Stfu 
I loved Apple Pectin Smelled so effing good.
Lovely pears and apples we got to pick in Julian near San Diegoish Apple Starr Orchard
Apple  pumpkin picking season is approaching
SundayRead SundayReads A good day to try book swapping w Bookup on apple iOS 
Bruh no one told me it was this long switching from Android To Apple this shit is aggy AF right now Im rolling a spliff fuck this shit
Subscribing to Apple Music as we speak
gwen and i got mcdonalds apple pies for the twin peaks finale bc its the only fuckan pie in allston 
BEATLES ABBEY ROAD APPLE LP SO383 SEALED UNOPENED BRAND NEW
Does anyone even listen to her.... the apple fall close to the tree 
Did u say Apple dessert pizza Ya that
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
its so cute reminds me of the Apple IIc I had..
20 Companies as cool as Apple hiring now and GettyImages makes the list via dailymuse
Apple isnt usually bold  they stick with regular buttons. However they lack all sorts of dimension and hierarchy
apple needs to make a version of Siri thats sensitive to Caribbean accents cause I cunnut
French Caramel Apple Tart  Rhubarb Apple  Raisin Pie Made by me
Apple s BillionDollar Investment Provides a Blueprint for US Manufacturing
Hello meet my new roommate. Hes a sassy apple . 
Hey appleios and Apple wouldnt it be more user friendly to swap these two icons when taking a picture in iMessage in landscape 
Enjoy WMSKONLINERADIO on the Go Download the FREE App for all Android  Apple Devices WmskGrind SupportBlackOwnBusinesses
Remember Palm039s WebOS Maybe not but Apple and Google definitely do
I went to Best Buy for a wall charger I came out with an Apple Watch and a newfound crush on the Best Buy guy. Why am I this way 
Enjoy WMSKONLINERADIO on the Go Download the FREE App for all Android  Apple Devices WmskGrind SupportBlackOwnBusinesses
Enjoy WMSKONLINERADIO on the Go Download the FREE App for all Android  Apple Devices WmskGrind SupportBlackOwnBusinesses
Soros is furious about potus BREXIT999 they have rocked his apple cart and the agenda because we woke up to it but we have to act now
Apple set to unveil its new iPhone lineup on September 12th  Dow Jones is reporting that Apple will unveil...
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac MK462LLA 27Inch Retina 5K Desktop 3.2 GHz Intel Core i5 8GB 
The Apple Pie is the DopplePie of the Cherry Pie.
GavinBroihier1 We would be glad to help. Reach out to our Apple ID team here
...she also has 4 kids and it appears that the father is not in the picture...this is a whole other issue that Apple has no responsibility
New on Ebay for the United States Imac APPLE iMAC 27 A1312 MD063LLA 12.2 CORE i7 3.40Ghz 16GB 1.25TB  A Grade
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 2011 27 IMac 3.1GHz Core I5 1TB 4GB MC814LLA  B Grade  Warranty
I want cookies and cream ice cream but I also want Dutch apple pie
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Apple could be the worlds first trilliondollar company  Apple is rolling out its new iPhone next month  and...
I do this now ever since I left my cup on the counter and my mom used it for her apple cider vinegar
kashdoll giiirl why isnt For Everybody on Apple Music anymore 
Apple has also released a larger variant of the called the
timkaine Looks like the rotten apple didnt fall far from the tree.
Not use apple cider in a while may have to be this weeks new colour lipsense uk autumn 
Tim Cook tweeted his support for Apple s Dreamer employees
Update Apple ID settings
Playing stocks is like tennis  its a great rush says ESPN analyst
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple 
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
I also got to try Ritas Italian Ice Delicious creamy dairy free sorbet in green apple 
 Miiko Bad Apple  Touhou Project French Cover
Apple Music thinks Im a dad. Meh Ill own it. 
Need a boo to buy me an Apple Watch
Septembers first sundaysalad  kale pear fiji apple  dried cranberries onion and Salt  Vinegar Nuttee Bean Fava Beans vegan amazon 
You need a Chinese Siri voice that says and den After every time you ask her something Apple
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation  Forbes
I have another 15lbs I think Apple Butter is next on my list
Anyone know how to get past Apple activation lock
Apple Watch Meets Challenge With Fitbit Ionic  The Inquisitr 
Apple has 30K retail store workers. Hundreds of thousands of App Store developers. Thousands make money in ITunes. Summers is dead wrong.
slinganswers any idea when you will change the guide on the Apple TV
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Rose Gold TMobile Smartphone aesthetic tumblr 
1 vote  Apple
Brought a bottle of apple pie mcgillacuddys to my moms for dinner and now Im drunk
Apple  Add synthetic leather options to Beats by Dre headphones.  Sign the Petition
Eve was the one with the apple
Anyone else eat a red pepper like an apple
Spotify what happened with the touch preview Are you trying to send us to Apple Music 
APPLE OF THE EARTH WTFFOZBDJDBZJZJDIDJDJDN
Apple s BillionDollar Investment Provides a Blueprint for US Manufacturing
Dinner 9117  barbecue sandwich baked beans broccoli salad green salad apple crumble
And people say apple cant support windows 
25 Apple Crafts for Preschoolers
When Apple creates solar powered iPhones Ill be impressed
Im just tryna get that Apple Watch nothing too crazy.
We would be glad to help. Reach out to our Apple ID team here
in NYT comparison of basic jobs at Apple today vs Kodak 1960s seems wages similar housing costs nr Appl far higher
Pac12Network can we get an app for Apple TV please
Design systems from flat to least flat Microsoft Fluent  Apple   Google Material
Scented Poison Apple Cookie Necklace  Disney  Polymer Clay  Disneyland  Halloween
This thread shows brilliant men can shoot from the hip and miss. Apple has 30K retail workers. App Store supports 1000s of middle class jobs
Way to break up that pass. Now lets get something going. 1st drive jitters create 2nd drive fritters...as in apple ...touchdowns WVUvsVT
Apple is pairing up with the wrong people. This is very dangerous indeed.
Apple s big iPhone 8 missing feature is explained...
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Please RT iphone ipad mac This Jailbreak Tweak Brings the Nightstand Feature of Apple Watch to Your...
CEO Tim Cook Says He Stands by Apple s 250 DACAStatus Employees  ANTITRUMPMVMT
The new Apple iPhone will use the organic lightemitting diode or OLED technology that Abramson and Rosenblatt...
Apple iWatch AppleWatch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP062LLA
SmartWatch AppleWatch Series 2 38mm Aluminum Case YellowLight Gray Classic Buckle ...
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing The Nights Avicii APPS Apple
Anyone wanna buy an Apple Watch
I was told by apple care face ass  lmaooooooo
Check out Antique Turntable 98 Apple Parer Peeler Patent 1898 Goodell Co.
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple 
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS Slashdot Slashdot Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS  An
Caramel Apple Cinnamon Rolls  Delicious caramel apple inspired fall recipe.
The condescending way my Apple Watch congratulates me on standing for 60 goddamn seconds hasnt gone unnoticed.
Apple Tries to Open Up On Artificial Intelligence
BeatsSupport I bought a solo3. It came with 3 month Apple Music and I cant redeem. Help
you are not the smartest apple on the tree are you to even say that tells me you have the concentration of orange juice
See the apple didnt fall to far from the tree huh
Agreed if dont win 89 this year its never happening under Doeren. The Francois injury makes that more clear.
These Apple Orchard Medley fruit snacks are fye.
RosannaPansino you should make a disney poison apple treat I love your videos
Wake me up when Degausser is available on Apple Music again
Kai and Luhan shared an apple before.
Looking at Apple Watch I think to myself Damn that is too expensive. 5 minutes later I order a FR 935. SMH
I LOVE apple juice
Freddie a...a... Brianna omg apple  Freddie a...al Brianna Ally Freddie ALWAYS IN MY HEART HARRYSTYLES . YOURS SINCERELY LOUIS
Laptop A1375 Battery for Apple A1370 for MacBook Air 11 Late 2010 MC505 MC506 perfect testing 
Goes out for a little walk and stops as she spots a lone doe. Coos and offers the deer an apple  crouching down as it approached her.
Calgary we have apple Pie oh my Pumpkin pie coming in 2 weeks pie pumpkinpie 
my apple slices were calling me
Apple Pay and nights out are killing me
I wanna go apple picking so bad
Homeys PowerUp is the MacBook charger Apple should have made
Apple Watch wallpaper Animals Birds
Where was you when a nigga needed you  back when I was sipping that apple juice .
I liked a YouTube video
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Is Apple Ruining Your Macs Performance 
I eat apple cinnamon oatmeal and its delicious and helps my supply
My phone completely shut off today so im literally at apple using a computer to access twitter extra
Apple iPod Touch 4th Generation White 16 GB
Apple iPod touch 4th Generation Black 8 GBExcellent condition. Model A1367
Enjoy our Photo Shoot Disneybloggers Acting out SnowWhite the Apple and the Bichon dogs.
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
OpenBox Certified Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
60km of paddling  2km of portaging. We deserve a nice treat from Happy Yak. Shrimp Curry  Rice  Apple Sauce  chocolate chips. dubucguy 
Apple really doesnt care about them being used. One of the few things they dont DMCA like crazy
Good Luck in Big Apple Jermain BowDown MightyAreTheMen
why are we apple users so materialistic
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 5s 16GB Space Grey on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Months contract...
and the apple computers are way overated
Aug 2012 Apple vs Samsung verdict
Top story Apple Wants to Teach You How to Make Apps
Gnight to you  give tweet again and magic girls for the best future ceo never replaced as god sent stevewoz lisapjackson for apple
the people on Apple Support Chat are so passive aggressive i hate them
I brought apple pie and fresh apples
Personally I dont think Apple should have to worry about janitorial services they just need to keep expanding those high paying jobs.
What can I do if the person I am getting contact with doesnt have an Apple device iHere 43156
Im so excited for apple cider donut season
My Apple Watch stay dead
my sis and her bfs phones were both accidentally put on low power mode and they thought it was a fall thing apple did
The apple doesnt fall to far from the tree. beatboxing for my executive producer.
Samsung Gear Sport Watch Is Samsungs Best Bet Against Apple  Fitbit.
GrimsToyShow THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR BRINGING BACK GTS WRESTLING ON THE TOY CHANNEL  I WILL LOVE U TILL U DIE  APPLE JUICE
BUY READY FOR IT ON iTUNES OR STREAM IT ON SPOTIFY APPLE MUSIC. ReadyForIt  Wow noh
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple  MarketWatch
At the age of 6 I had apple too but I ate it..
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black. GREAT BUNDLE. 915 via eBay
Making apple pie is my favoriteeeee
tecnologa Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears
Dixieland Delight is trending on apple aka its college football seasin aka kill me
Everyone using Apple emojis  them being open source
And this Tim is one of the many reasons I nor my family have a single Apple product in my home.
Apple Watch official
Apple puts in a delay into its chess code to make humans feel better about losing
Mannn weekends be throwing me off... but i still be drinkn Apple cider vinegar
Deep down youve always known
A drunk moose got stuck in an apple tree in Sweden. And this time its not because they write their news stories using Mad Libs.
Why is everybody at the Apple store with their entire family
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
Apple Pay Cash Expected to Hit Europe this Fall
Apple  Inc. Might Skip The S This Year
Ive looked 3 different places for apple pie Oreos and no luck. Life is bullshit
Heres a Look at What Apple Might Launch on September 12 personal technology
http dld.bzManhattanKSGet away  US 24 Road trip stop in Kansas Little Apple  Flint Hills Discovery CenterArts in the Park
80sMeWouldSay Apple Computer will be gone in five years.
The only reason to go to the Apple Festival 
My fuckin cinnamon apple
From The Local Party SCCDP RT timcook 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals an
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA
Homemade apple butter and toast counts as dinner right
Is Apple Music worth having
I CANT WAIT TO GO APPLE AND PUMPKIN PICKING. REALLY MY FAV DAY OF THE YEAR
Bruh double apple mint really has me fucked up Ugh
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA
Apple s Core ML software suggests AI chip coming to iPhone
Tim Cook tweeted his support for Apple s Dreamer employees
This why I have chosen to enjoy my retirement by working for Apple  so proud to be an Apple employee.
SHOULD I GET AN APPLE WATCH
Apple sucks Android
Apple picking levibarrettchang Rileys at Los Rios Rancho
Looking forward to making some blackberry and apple crumble plus some blackberry jam in the
Buy all chrome Govt directs Apple Bridge
Labor Sunday Brew  Drinking a Guava Gose Smack by NoonWhistle The Bad Apple 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
bazscott  From the Apple chess engine code  
Deezer  no more working.. no premium anymore also deezer detect app is hacked they say download official app on apple store
Apple has 116000 employees. Dreamers are .002 of the workforce probably less than the number of redhaired Albanian midgets at Apple .
Apple Music is the BEST Im so proud of you sweetie
Apple for life PushAwardsMayWards
iPriscilaGalvao literally took the tv and Apple TV remote and unplugged the tv all because I wouldnt go with her to get Tony
Hubby coked Scallops.....yummy Followed by Apple  Blackberry Crisp
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On Artificial Intelligence  The Wall Street Journal
Going home to a nice cold apple juice and Halloween movies with infinitecari because its never too soon to celebrate
Apple just killed off 2 iconic products and people are super sad
RT BackEastBrewery RT prime16newhaven Just Tapped BackEastBrewery Unicorn Farm NewEnglandBrew Herducken TroegsBeer Apple Farmhouse Ale
Apple crumble pie scented candle 
AR is on the brink of a breakout thanks to new platforms from Google  Apple
We dont learn trigonometry in kindergarten. We learn 1 apple  1 apple 2 apples. We learn in steps
80sMeWouldSay sorry I cant invest in this Apple venture you speak of but I have a closetful of neon clothes to buy.
I suddenly want an air freshener that just smells like apple crumble
Apple ARKit film making experiment 01. Shot on iphone madewithunity screenshotsaturday madewithARKit with AoiEsteban 
So glad apple gave me a new phone
Need to go to Pennings  get myself an apple cider donut asap...
NEW SPACE GRAY VERIZON GSM UNLOCKED APPLE 16GB IPHONE 6 SMART PHONE V217
My phone is definitely broken but yall arent getting my coins Apple  Im sick of yalls games.
Going Apple picking tomorrow
Mac Laptop Batteries  About Apple  iGotOffer
Apple logo on the skateboard sticker  OMG omisego
New update for ios due in about 8 days. Hurry up my phone keeps restarting Apple
Great deals on Apple products
Apple s Real Reason for Finally Joining the Net Neutrality Fight
Apple Inc. AAPL
this is known to happen considering Amazon and Apple are both rivals.
Apple finally weighs in on net neutrality
Its not black coffee  cherry pie but Ive got frozen coffee  apple pie Oreos all ready for this finale. LETS ROCK
I didnt find it in apple store 
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA
I liked a YouTube video
me tries to update my phone apple  fucks up my shit instead
Google unveiled ARCore to challenge Apple s ARKit
Google unveiled ARCore to challenge Apple s ARKit
Google unveiled ARCore to challenge Apple s ARKit
yall what is the point of an apple watch i mean like isnt it basically just an iphone for your wrist
Tim Cook says he stands behind the 250 Dreamers currently working for Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple PushAwardsMayWards
Take a selfie  try on trendy fashion LookRev handmade Apple 
eat an apple
When did Apple begin to think different about the iPhone Home button 
Apple green baker Sunset fisherman shivers Sapphire meadow.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
CraveTVHelp Hi my apple tv app keeps asking for us to login but the website doesnt work
Accenture and Apple partner to create iOS business solutions
hengineer you need to update spaceteam on the Apple TV it would be sooooo useful and a good way to improve the game
Apple THC Hey. Id like to help promote your tracks on SoundCloud. Start now
PREOWNED APPLE IPAD AIR 2 64GB 9.7 SPACE GRAY MH2M2LLA CELLULAR UNLOCKED
Tryna to figure out if I should get an Apple Watch or not... Opinions
Banana Lemon apple cider vinegar and honey hair treatment
Time to stop buying apple products. I had no idea that they were linking themselves to these kind of groups.
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung 
Its Only Logical That Apple Is Putting Its Software Guy In Charge Of Siri
I just used Apple Pectinnow Ive gotta hot roll my hair  put my blue mascara on before I head to Skatetown 80sMeWouldSay
SOUPsunday Celeriac  white carrot  parsnip  coconut cream  apple   crazy delicious nutritious  delicate vegan onblogsoon rbn 
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Green apple dish soap does not taste as delicious as it smells and my throat hurts pretty bad someone please tell my kids I loved them.
Because Apple did same
I use Samsung no Apple for me never has been for me.
Im literally already throwing my money at the Apple Store for the new phone
Coz he handed out a styrofoam container wa grilled cheese sandwich and apple sauce inside of it. Ya. OK. Waiting on that 1m donation.
Why DID Apple give money to the Southern Poverty Law Center Do they approve of SPLCs true agenda or...are they ignorant concerning SPLC
Daisuke smells like dried blood and apple sauce to me
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
Yes. Ill try but its really going to upset the apple cart. xxx
A kitchen gadget for the win cutting an apple into wedges have never been so easy foodie portioncontrol 
God we need to reincarnate Steve Jobs apple has lost its damn mind...
AppleWatch Apple Watch gets new smartwatch competition from Samsung others
Ive just eaten my body weight in apple pie and my conclusion is that I need more friends. savemefrommyself
Top story Apple Watch gets new smartwatch competition from Samsung others
Top story Apple Watch gets new smartwatch competition from Samsung others
if you hadnt already. go head n listen to my music on spotify apple music tidal pandora
Eddy Cue is at the Formula 1 Grand Prix in Monza Italy this weekend via r apple
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Go to Ivy League universities at least for the life changing connections. Thats how Google Facebook Apple  Twitter and all were forme
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree at aamodtsorchard . dogsofmsp johnnyapplepups 
Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears Joe RossignolMacRumors
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant  TNW
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Just Noticed The Motion By Drake Isnt On Apple Music
lol I know right But money is the only language they understand.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Best thing about Apple Music is this 
cheese danish nom nom nom. apple fritters
Apple slices that does not even seem to equate a whole apple  for Php 50 Gusto ko lang naman po ng mansanas for breakfast.
We have Apple TV so is Siri
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
Apple picking and pumpkin patch is a definite this Fall
PREOWNED APPLE IPAD AIR 2 64GB 9.7 SPACE GRAY MH2M2LLA CELLULAR UNLOCKED
Currently jamming Modest Mouse and cleaning the house with an apple cinnamon candle burning. Im content
UPDATED FOR THIS WEEK Check out my Hot Songs Playlist only on Apple Music
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On AI  Patently Apple
NOT ENDORSED. Apple Apple Apple Apple NOTHING ELSE
Best place Ive gotten studying done recently is the support desk at an Apple store. There is 0 possibility of anyone talking to you there
Why doesnt MacBook have a spot apple macbook frustrated
please apple tell me how Im supposed to get my verification code if I cant get into my other devices 
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On AI  Patently Apple
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Literally same
SHE TOOK MY APPLE AND I WANTED IT BACK
an apple a day makes the doctor away so.. what is an apple for tomorrow a day of doctor ducktoodle bee.. again masterr.
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
I finally found my apple headphones Im so happy it was in my jacket pocket the whole time
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
Any one can do sold by Apple Canada for 150 imei only  
My weed smoking neighbor just came over wearing a pride shirt and pins gave us apple sauce and told us that they might cause a bit of noise
This green apple one for all tha blacks worldwide
Coming to iOS 11 apple appleevent
Not anymore most video editors are switching to Windows with adobe premier after apple Nerfed final cut pro.
Shut up Chelsea We are sick of the name Clinton The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
once i flushed an apple down the toilet. i didnt tell anyone and then the plumbers had to come
Low key excited that its finally appropriate to be burning my apple cinnamon candles again
Looks like its only for Apple products as well I am an Android user 
Look at this on eBay
pen pineapple apple pen 
THATS A GREEN APPLE NEXT TO RED APPLES
Anyway I am in the process of making an apple pie at the moment.
Drinking a Riverkeeper Apple Sour Ale by catawbabeer Catawba Brewing Co 
Previs the Best on Apple Music
Heirloom Apple  Cider Lane from Bath  Body Works 
How do i get an iphone out of recovery mode  Apple
Me are you sure you werent drinking last night Cousin you know what I drank last night raises eyebrow apple cider
Check out this photo of Big Apple on Yelp
Apple Music is easier I think But that could be me being biased
Today I got brie and apple pie cider so Im 100 ready for the Twin Peaks finale.
Precisely The best and brightest are already HERE Its STUPID  CRIMINAL to revoke DACA. Make Apple HQ a Sanctuary CIty timcook
I purchased an Apple phone in May. Its a piece of shit.
Apple s MacBook Pro Battery Problems Are Getting Embarrassing  Gizmodo Australia
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
What is Google Play  The new Apple iTunes rival 
u legit dumb as fuck got more in apple products this his parents bank account
Thanks. I injected it with a blend of apple cider vinegar apple juice cherry juice and shhh...dont tell anyone....the magic dust
Wonho You mean my baby My fucking cinNAMON APPLE
Apple seeds seventh beta testers.
Apple CEO speaks about young immigrants fate
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On AI  Patently Apple
Bro really not tryna come up off this Apple Watch.
ya back lol we had a small apple orchard I would head in that direction cross the field at the back of the orchard  end up n the garden
nowplaying StaRtMrs. GREEN APPLE 
timcook LOVE the new commercial War Damn Apple  Come see us in Auburn
RT MarketWatch  Apple CEO Tim Cook says he stands with Dreamers as Trump threatens to end DACA.
I love when people fake pull from a handle like I can see your Adams apple staying stationary as fuck you aint swallowing shit
Googles new ARCore software developers kit like Apple s ARKit does AR with one camera.
Bad apple
Awwww Apple AI is so realistic it even leaves out words in tweets Apple AI you knucklehead
Google Joins Apple in the Augmented Reality Race
The weekend finale is underway in the Big Apple  You can catch NYCvJAX live on ESPN3 . 
if I can get it to work on my Apple TV
I had a bunch of flies in the garage that appeared overnight. Left a container of apple juice  soap parafilm lid wholes. Good fly trap  
Huawei unveils powerful phone chip in bid to topple rivals Samsung and Apple
Tag the squad you know youll be apple picking with for the insta.
BORN FOR LIFE  BornforMidwife 2016 New Apple Memoir Official Selection
Just saw this on Amazon Apple Trees on Orange Light Switch Cover by Modern Switch for 13.00
New Apple products launched under CEO Tim Cook are dominating
Luckily I have a hard drive but now I have reupload all these pics onto my computer
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
MyHeartIsIn Philadelphia but my apple music stays in Havana 
Yes All I got was an apple cinnamon Glade plug in and it smells like fall
Woohoo I love your apple pies Dialo
Apple Weather says it feels like 92.
I liked a YouTube video
Dont worry it doesnt effect the apple headphones or Apple Watch you are good
After i asked this lady 3 times if anything would be deleted
Apple wild blueberry tart with sweet clover streusel mushroom caramel sweetgrass
Wow thanks apple maps you know exactly what I need 
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
New pod is up. Discussing latest on Sua Cravens. Listen on Apple Podcasts Google Play and here
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS
When you call Apple to help you store your photos on icloud and the rep ends up deleting all 21000 of your photos
PREVIEW 170903 Apple .B Yuji Incheon Airport Sky Festival c cheky 
pro I had great apple cider today con my subconscious is trying to tell me all my friendscolleaguesformer colleagues find me worthless
if my phone charged as fast as my apple watch life would be so much better
Theyd crack another grin if the mood wasnt so sullen. Slide out of their chair to mix something up its probably like. Apple juice and 
WLUVB takes over the Big Apple Times Square New York City
Last year the deer beat her. This year the apple goes to Team Belle
The apple stayed close the tree
Because Apple knows I dont wanna see your face
reneritchie you think apple with change the names of the iPhones Ex. iPhone and iPhone pro like the iPads
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
There is EVERYTHING RIGHT with TONY Bennism but EVERYTHING WRONG with HILARY Bennism THAT apple fell VERY FAR from the tree 
Today I walked 5 miles but according to my Apple Watch I have some work to do to hit my moveexercise goal. 
End DACA Dreamers can get in line Apple and the rest if America will survive. Give jobs back to legal Americans
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Green apple slushy with jolly rancher bits
Ha Thats true friendship. Its definitely much easier than texting. I dont get some texts because of apple  android problems.
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple butter is though.
Pumpkin spice coffee and apple cider donuts sound so good rn.
MarketWatch Apple CEO Tim Cook says he stands with Dreamers as Trump threatens to end DACA.
Î¾Display Release on apple CAST
SimplyySUS Well help out. Are you currently on a student membership for Apple Music Those do need to be reverified annually.
Q2. Apple Pippin
Unless you guys would help me out.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
No though Ive made that too. This was jelly made from fresh apple juice.
didnt realize how bored I was until I spent 15 minutes talking to apple support on why birds shouldnt be domesticated
Apple CEO Tim Cook says he stands with Dreamers as Trump threatens to end DACA.
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Its like an open apple pie. homemademeals familygatherings
New Apple products launched under CEO Tim Cook are dominating
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On Artificial Intelligence
Apple I am proud of your work. wow
Its apple pecan.
Follow us ebidlaw our free app on Google Play and Apple Store . .Download . . attorney 
I just had 8 apple turnovers oof
i been thinking about this apple pie all day
my drunk ass lost my apple watch last night
But Apple Music dont have every tune though thats the only downfall
Apple Yall should Go head put spades in the iMessage games so the group chats can be extra LITTT
u eat fruit all wrong bro eatin ur bananas like this and eating the core of the apple  wyd
I had so many problems with my Apple ID Password too how do I do an update on my phone and how much other shit
I know I just shared this BROCCOLI APPLE SALAD a week or so ago but its what Im making for our Labor Day spread
BAD BAD MOVE APPLE . IPhone 6 was my last APPLE product. You have no right to tell us who to vote for
Cut my Adams apple shaving. Yeah thats where my life is at.
Apple has known about serious prob w its Laptop batteries since at least 2010 AppleSupport
Why doesnt Apple make their own search engine by Rehan Ahmed
Apple Watch 38mm Stainless Steel Case  White Sports Band MJ302LLA Ready to USE
Apple Watch MMG22LLA 42mm Space Black Stainless Steel Case Milanese Loop
New Retro Last Jedi Trailer on 1984 Apple Macintosh Looks Dope  Inverse
Used Apple Watch Sport 42mm Space Gray Aluminum Case Black Band MJ3T2LLA G169
Used Working Black Apple iPad Mini 1st Generation 64GB A1432 WIFI Tablet
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS
MINT Apple Watch Nike 42mm Series 2 Silver Aluminum  Platinum White Sport Band
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant  TNW
Adam eve apple trees watch out for them snakes baby
Fuck off
Apple IPhone 6S Plus 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Multi Colors Price 339.99 View and Buy this ...
Apple TV. Pick up the older model for cheap.
AnaCabrera You are still my favorite CNN anchor  congrats on moving to the Big Apple ...You have the most unique eye blinking on television
apple cider
Some of those evil small business tax hoarders. Those apple trees hogging the CO2. For shame.
I didnt see it then but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could ever happened to me.
Keep getting an error uploading .p12 file. Tired multiple times and also used a second apple account with no luck.
Moroccan mint from Quincy Tea Co and processing apples for homemade apple sauce. isitfallyet 
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Fruits of our labor  apple picking  Dutch apple pie for dessert foodporn foodstyling 
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS 
Tim Cook tweets support for Apple s 250 Dreamers by via AppleInsider  Frontpage News
Apple is getting annoying and I think its time to switch.
benandjerrys can you make a dairy free apple pie ice cream Pretty pretty please
Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears
I know Im hella late but Apple Music is the Shit
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Woman feat. Licious Deep  Jay Sax  Single by Tiffany Rosebud on Apple Music
Streaming and depending on the location ears or go for a powered flat panel. Have over air 4 yrs and streaming amazon Netflix  Apple TV
Apple needs to energize this statement. We all need to energize for our children
We get updates on each other to our Apple watches so we know when the other person hasnt worked out  
My phone isnt charging properly and were all the way in Kauai and no access to an Apple Store ..yay
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Much improved since I last had this  Drinking an Apple Cider at assiniboiadowns 
Holy hell Unix for Apple m68k. I had almost forgotten about that abomination.
Display Release on apple CAST
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
the goal is to post my 35mm on a blog and my spotify apple music playlists. but i want to know whats best for that
Whats worse thn finding aaworm in your apple  The Holocaust.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
TreeTopInc Where can I buy the apple juice boxes in New Jersey Specifically for home.
Agree. Have to let season play out. Unless it totally tanks ala Gottfried AND an upgrade is available and a sure thing.
Tim Cook tweets support for Apple s 250 Dreamers. timcook Apple
Em and Nics Apple Chicken ...
Mild bacon flavor strong apple cinnamon flavor very fudgey
SpeakerRyan GOP FoxNews Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears
Offering Apple Carplay Audio Acoustics Certification Testing P.1100 P.1110 Sun Sep 3 163542 2017
timcook Apple Cook  Apple support terrorism through ANTIFA BLM hate  bigotry through SPLC death through pro abortion. GREAT MAN  Co
Apple Jumps On Strong Earnings iPhone Sales Guidance
Google Unveils ARCore Its Answer To Apple s ARKit But It Will Be Hard To Catch Up
I will bring Apple Pie
Lowest Price Ever Apple s 15 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar for 1799 600 off with no tax in 48 states.
Apple HomePod generates tones for device pairing setup.
GOP Senate Congress Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on DACA Nears
Holy apple doll
Ill be the apple of your pretty eye
Apple s iPhone 8 may allow triggering Siri by holding sleepwake button.
No its not. It destroys apple earphones. She is one with nature  a predator ready to kill. 
The iPhone ecosystem needs strength training accessories  especially from Apple .
CPFSurrey chapter meetings start Sep 6th  there will be pie apple pomme
Find U new home deocration Style LookRev lighting Apple 
I know this matters to literally no one else BUT The Jonas Brothers are finally on Apple Music
This week on appleinsider  Apple s Sept. 12 iPhone 8 event TV ambitions Hurricane Harvey relief  more.
Apple really got yall fooled out here bro
As Apple moves into the Movie Biz the Co is searching for studio space in Culver CIty 
Well help out. Are you currently on a student membership for Apple Music Those do need to be reverified annually.
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Help me out
blackxparty I mean you couldve added Dancing to Apple Music too.
 command  S  Apple design dtp insatsu
AirPods is awesome. The best Apple product Ive ever owned since 2006.
Fuck Apple
Leaked doc shows what is  isnt covered in Apple s iPhone warranty repairs.
Neato Botvac D7 Connected smart home vacuum enhances iPhone Apple Watch command options.
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On AI  Patently Apple
Me eating an apple sauce cup thats IT
Looks like hes somebody elses bear from what I saw in a pic of him eating a caramel apple band on left finger
Rumors rename iPhone 7s to iPhone 8 leaving moniker for Apple s 1000 OLED model up for debate.
80sMeWouldSay Apple is awesome
Greatest Hits by Elton John on Apple Music
Apple iOS11 is worth it just for the new screenshot controls. Amazing. nerd innovation
I just remembered I was so drunk eating that apple sauce on my birthday
MarketWatch Apple CEO Tim Cook says he stands with Dreamers as Trump threatens to end DACA.
Hmm Eating an apple while looking at the cherry blossoms is really special
like apple file systems especially on ssh into jailbroken phones. The apps and other packages are in random hex folders
Apple Pie is the perfectest of all desserts
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
I am not a shill I just want to teach you guys about the Apple iPhone
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
But some red apple are GOOD
I added berries to my apple cake recipe and it turned out weird...
Any chance thrive can publish to Apple News as well please
I had some hot wings and apple juice today Im so happy with life
Apple s new facial scanning feature could put iPhone 8 in a class of its own 
its only September 3rd and im currently eating pumpkin pie drinking apple cider and watching a scary movie with my pumpkin candle lit 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Another way to vote with Apple Devices
Love the new Apple Watch with Nike branding. 
The guy Apple synced my sisters contacts to my phone so now I have to delete people like wifey  baes other bae and my chef. 
Apple s 5 billion spaceship campus looks nearly finished a month before the next iPhone launches AAPL
If you are not using vappleproducts then you are missing out. I am putting out the Apple 
Apple  MacBook Air Latest Model  13.3 Display  Intel Core i5  8GB Mem...
Whats trending Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers .
Menu Bar Tools Bartender 3 and iStat Menus 5 Now Support macOS High Sierra
I said I was going to cancel my 3 free month Apple Music subscription a year ago
Those apple and sage weenies are hands down the best I have ever had
Apple Festival yesterday. Abreigh got to dress up as a Chef in the
AMAZING  The Benefits Of Green Apple Juice
Fitbit tries to catch up to the Apple Watch
Apple teases the future of augmented reality apps
Ipad Iphone5s Iphone6 Iphone7 Iphone7Plus  Apple Iphone 7  128GB  Rose Gold ATT SmartphoneLink
Dear Ilhoon Do you know that I crush you too But wae PEN PINEAPPLE APPLE PEN.... 
Congrats on launching verrit Quick suggestionrequest can you publish on Apple News as well so that iPhone users can read your content
The complete iPhone Price History. Will the new 10th Annv Apple iPhone8 be a game changer or 1000iphone appl
My hands gravitate towards them as naturally as an apple falling to the ground
imagine not having apple music
that apple tree analogy was terrible...i had no idea the nword was a prize apple denied to white people. the injustice the horror
How you get Apple Music like this
Evie trying to eat my apple sugarloafmountain thegrassisgreener2017 daytrip orchard
Im not kidding Im doing the exact same thing except Im also eating an apple
Going to get some an apple pie  ice cream from McDonalds
I stg warm apple pie is the key to my heart
I just got this Apple Watch like two days ago and its all scratched up already. Im a monster
Apple and other US companies havent done enough to keep conflict minerals out of their products
i just drank some apple juice and now i feel sick
I love adri so much shes my lil cinnamon apple my fucking honey bunches of oat my baby Im going to miss her so bad
I really gotta try this henny and Apple juice. But give me all the same except with scotch whiskey
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
Welcome Matt Mariner as Apple Tree Arts new creative dramatic manager
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB ICLOUD ONRead Black ATT Super Fast Shipping
Tech News Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
APPLE NEWS Menu Bar Tools Bartender 3 and iStat Menus 5 Now Support macOS High Sierra
Apple Music Fans Choice Nom ChadBrownlee reveals which BlueRodeo song has a special place in his memory bank Take a look. CCMAawards 
Menu Bar Tools Bartender 3 and iStat Menus 5 Now Support macOS High Sierra
A clip from the apple chess code via rfunny
I tried to reset my Apple ID password like a month ago and they said they would send me an email or text with the info on September 2nd
It all started with the Cicada that stole my apple
he lives in a modest ranch home in a Silicon Valley middle class neighborhood. The head of Apple is one leader who defies elitism.
The Butterfly Effect.
Apparently the Apple battery in the Apple laptop becomes defective even when the computer is not used or plugged in.
Apple CEO Tim Cook says he stands with Dreamers as Trump threatens to end DACA.
The greatest expression of self care is eating a honeycrisp apple
I love my iPhone but everything else Apple Im not feeling it.
Secret Passion bodyscrub relax sugarscrub bathandbody bodyscrub apple melon getaway 
The Butterfly Effect.
How about all of the Apple workers in China who you pay slave wages to 
Girl you got a apple lemme touch Police comin lemme tuck
Same for mine and it has been dying soo quickly 
Craving hot apple pie with butter pecan ice cream on top.
 Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate via FOX BIZ
News post  Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Anyone selling an Apple Watch
 about the next question. Strawberries are yummy but apples are better. I would say apple flavour.
Mate I have Apple Music. No one has time to be paying for Spotify .
DD has had years to fix the issues. Ive seen no evidence that anything had changed during the offseason.
After 2 sandwich lunches 2 airport meals 3 hotel breakfasts  4 sit down restaurant meals the apple I am eating now is incredible guthelp
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Well there would be 250 openings at Apple according to timcook
Apple makes 23 different dongles  and it would cost you 857 to buy them all 
I currently have an apple box full of scraps would anyone be interested Large pieces
So timcook this is a voluntary admission that you are complicit in a felony  Apple is breaking the law hiring illegals in the US
Please RT iphone ipad mac Samsung Profits Tumble as Apple Enters LargeScreen Phone Market and LowEnd...
I liked APPLE but will NEVER buy anything APPLE again. They have become arrogant. Samsung anyone
Apple Music added a 4.99month for students after I signed up for the 9.99month plan 
VenrapRadio The Question Is uyangithandana  If you do download our App on Apple or Google play VenrapRadio
This whole  Apple makes my phone slow down or stop working thing is a MYTH.
I miss when the green skittles were lime instead of green apple
Tech guy said trying to charge the defective battery could have caused a fire Does Apple want to replicate Samsungs bad battery reputation
Accessory Deluxe Leather Apple Ipad Case with Builtin Stand Red
i want apple pies from mcdonalds
KAYA YOURE SO SWEET MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE INDEED
Retweeted Tim Cook  timcook  250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our...
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate  Apple CEO Tim Cook says he is standing by hundred...
Just Tapped BackEastBrewery Unicorn Farm NewEnglandBrew Herducken TroegsBeer Apple Farmhouse Ale
Apple has been calling their latest models the fastest EVER since the 1980s. They dont need to sabotage existing models. They prime brains.
My family just got really excited planning an apple picking day for the end of the month
Good news My parents old computer that I asked them to save for me is indeed an Apple IIC like I thought. Bad news Monitor doesnt work
More NEWS from
Apple gonna make a car in the future RememberThisTweet
I need some apple cider donuts in my life rn
I live for apple sauce. The first thing on my grocery list
FANCAM 170903 Apple .B Incheon Airport Sky Festival Ending
Did I need the sour apple drops No Did I get them Yeah
Try not to convince the monkey that the apple is tastier than the banana convince yrself with havin no business with what the monkey loves
I want an Apple Watch so bad
Leaked Document Reveals How Apple Decides If Your iPhone Eligible for Service
Fuck a apple I was tryna eat a grape But I aint eat the grape bitch I ate a steak
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Apple CEO Tim Cook Featured in Commercials for Auburn University Video
Brusters apple ice cream is 1010
Latest watchOS beta made huge difference to my battery life. Was getting ready to head into the Apple Store to have Apple Watch checked.
8mm Vintage Camera is Apple s Free App of the Week Download
Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar on Total Health applecidervinegar via
I like that Apple hires real people and not beautiful robots.
So who wanna put me on with a playlist on Apple Music I need new music
Apple Music sending me messages 
Thats the apple variety of New Zealand apples I am picking up. Did you like my joke
Cider Moves Beyond the Apple  has been published on viral
This is a mod in the music player settings on the stock iOS. I doubt Apple would have a setting in their software that blows their speaker.
For this batch peppermint cran apple  cherry almond and some lemonade not pictured here
My old headphones lasted for approx 3 years... new ones both Apple  lasted just 3 months before one side started to cut out
Why a PC is Better Than a Mac  ad1 Lately Apple has gained a lot of...
apple cider pumpkin spice and hot cocoa
So Apple timcook you dont believe in hiring Americans first Talk about you not caring if you pee on the USA.
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone. EXCELLENT CONDITION
time is way past due for Amazon Google Apple  and Microsoft to be broken up.
Or because Apple always promotes their latest product as the fastest X EVER consumers are promptednudged to questions their products.
How Apple plans to change the way you use the next iPhone
Sounds good but Im pretty sure BQQuinn is more of a turkey apple kind of guy...
One of these goddamn Apple things I can never solve 
The Washington Fish Wrap and their benefactors in The Swamp of Washington hate having their Apple Cart Upset.
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
You can go apple picking or something while you are here
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Fab need to get the Soul Tapes on Apple Music
Pink floral French apple cake.
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple make the emoji hitbox bigger.......my thumbs too big.
didnt realize how lonely I was until I spent 15 minutes talking to apple support about psychedelics
Î¾Display Release on apple CAST
Apple Music Festival 2017 rumours dates lineup  how to get tickets  Macworld UK
Apple Peeler 
On 4th battery for a rarely used 2011 MacBook Pro Apple battery appears designed to fail Swollen battery seems to have damaged computer
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
Apple s iPhone Event and All the Other News This Week 
Ive just had that pop up on mine. Apple tv is a pain in the ass
One of my ancestors was shipped to Australia for stealing an apple from a market stall in London his descendants live in Russia now
These all sound amazing  especially sweet seduction and honeycrisp apple cider. Im definitely looking at these for my next run. Thank you
Apple Music Student membership  Ventajas de ser un estudiante  UNiDAYS
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA  USA TODAY
We celebrate the 40th anniversary of the mushy apple 
Apple s shares tumble due to plant blocking outrage.
she keep putting her and her girl flipagrams on apple tv and its making me miss my shawty
They have them available at the Apple store.
Should have been called apple strudel Oreos bc the flavor is nowhere near pie. Closer to scented candle.
Giddy times in the big apple 
A FINE apple pizza. Okay I hate myself Im done.
Commercial Van  Yard Operative job at Apple Resourcing UK Ltd  United Kingdom
In a surplus store I once found someones homemade wirewrapped clone of Microsoft Z80 Softcard for Apple II. Still worked.
I liked a YouTube video
for a president as mentioned earlier Ive an IPhone with only Twitter on it. My DACA will end 250 employees Apple fullofconf siontrump
Google set to dominate Apple  Amazon and Samsung in the race for the best voice assistant
Im looking forward to paying 9 for an apple
i feel like im watching a home video of people who work at the apple store
Is Apple Copying Palms WebOS
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple TimCook Dreamers Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple butter We make a lot of that most years off of our trees a bit derailed this year though
TimCook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
Tim Cook tweeted his support for Apple s Dreamer employees
Apple  Amazon next. BoycottApple BoycottAmazon
Niggas dont research music these days ...this is why everybody needs Apple Music or Spotify
AppleSupport Apple when does iOS 11 public beta 10 come out
This is some Apple Festival shit
But looks and tastes delicious in my apple cake with caramel frosting
Apple to Add 200MW of Solar Power to Reno Data Center cleanenergy Read Here
I lived in Alabama in the early seventies and we drove to Mississippi to by Boones Farm Apple and Strawberry Wine
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple Reveals When Itll Be Releasing The iPhone 8 See Date
im watching a video made by apple  on apple s website using my samsung smart tvs browser and i am VERY surprised it actually does work
I love how school autocorrects to hell. Apple knows whats up
Next time I go karaoke Im singing Fiona Apple s Criminal
Apple Reveals When Itll Be Releasing The iPhone 8 See Date
Retweeted Tim Cook  timcook  250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our...
Apple schedules iPhone 8 event for September 12
why does my video look 1080p on my phone and like a potato on my computer is this an apple mac conspiracy
I wonder if anyone knows that APPLE PRODUCTS AUTO CORRECT EMO I MEAN RUDE MUCH rude alyiseatingfood
Apple s iPhone 8 May Cost 1000
Im not kidding when I say I value my Apple Watch more than my own life if we were both hanging off of a cliff Id say pick the watch
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
IG 170902 Apple .B after the debut Its a month So we revelead unpublished videos 
My iPhone just corrected my erroneous typing to ensure that I spelled top ched correctly. Well done apple .
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
lmaoo no thanks bro
Apple pagehttpstwitter.comJesusChrist3233status904111861670522880
Go to apple and they will replace the battery for free Happened to mine too
Display Release on apple CAST
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
All of the monkey lady in heels apple sack
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
cultofmac what do these recent retweets have to do with Apple 
PPAP Pen Pineapple Apple Pen Funny Baby
Hard Rubberized Case Shell Snap On Cover For Apple MacBook Air 13.3 A1369A1466
Ill Sell you mine and Ill get the 8
Alcey Bluetooth Wireless Magic Keypad  Calculator for Apple Keyboard New
Enjoy the best video shot ive done in my whole life Apple SloMo ShotWithAniPhone6S
MATT MURDOCK IS THE love of my light the apple of my eye
In other words no more apple phones for Americans  idiotic promises
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate.
Apple will be BLIND trying to produce more effective visual story telling content against the likes of Netflix YouTube Facebook Amazon
Apple its cuter to me
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
POTUS He got there by overturning the apple cart people couldnt believe what he said but his real heart is whats happening now
Canadian teens lowcost smartphone to take on Apple  Samsung
plz send me apple cider please
Misguided having apple pay as an option is so lethal my thumb just slipped and placed an order
See article in New York Times about Apple janitors. what can or should you do for them
Adam did not want the apple for the apple s sake he wanted it because it was forbidden. Mark Twain marktwain
taylornation13 help I preordered reputation but I never got a code to key into the website to get my boost. Apple wont send me one 
Rangers barely pulled it off and Im off tomorrow so Im in my room drinking Ciroc Apple w Cranberry juice
Expanding the brackets gives pineapple  apple which is what the pic shows
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Como configurar apple tv por 2RM GAMES
Bragg Organic Raw Unfiltered Apple Cider Vinegar With The Mother Unflavored
Lol never like Apple encouraged Apple is evil P NostalgiaChat
Missing The Big Apple
I went to the Apple Store to fix my phone because it was glitching.then they tell me it was my battery so I got all worry if I had to pay
Dunno why Apple Music wont let me download any music from MIST
I dont mean to beat a dead horse. But seriously. How does Apple compete if they listen to all the techies arguing Apple should make content
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Ocean Drive Duke Dumont APPS Apple
BigTime CONSPIRACY Talk on this weeks podcast. SUBSCRIBE  LISTEN APPLE 
Virtually try on trendy jewelry LookRev handmade jewelry Apple 
I liked a YouTube video
CBS Marketwatch Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple . More Apple iPhone news 
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Gg wp. Immortals youre still the apple of my eye. much love and luck being sent. Immortal to the end.
Soon we make good money like B4 with Microsoft Apple  etc.  now wih ROKU IPO
Apparently its fall now in the mann household cause were already breaking out the warm apple pie vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce
Spotify  Apple Music Sorry
apple
Red Apple Corporate Office  CLOSED  Grocery  3301 S Norfolk Street Seattle WA  Phone Number  Yelp
New Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Red Factory Unlocked Verizon Wireless
Apple Stores are worse. You go so they can fix a battery and they keep trying to sell you a new phone. NO NIGGA.
First half bushel of apples prepped for fall and winter 12 quarts of three different kinds of apple sauce 
The battle for AI expertise is forcing secretive Apple to try to open up
Think different like Apple encouraged or something else NostalgiaChat
NowPlaying 24hrs Ft. Yo Gotti  Ty Dolla Sign  Count Me Out on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
If youre at a apple orchard today lemme just tell ya youre annoying AF
Apple cinnamon french toast crunch is hands down the best cereal ever.
listening to people say they need to buy more space for their apple phones
Theyre not overrated. It just takes baby steps for example do you really think Microsoft or Apple Inc. were perfect from the start
Lol apple just gave me a new phone so thats lit
Thanks Its an apple pie. The first one Ive ever made from scratch.
I think someone needs to try eating a tomato like an apple .
Thank you And Out of nowhere she pulls a apple pie and throws it at get face. HA You got tricked DMDares .
Ottawa teens lowcost smartphone to take on Apple  Samsung
New Apple products launched under CEO Tim Cook are dominating
How about some delicious fried apple pies
Manually scrolling takes too long  if that person texts me while Im in the process of scrolling it completely ruins the progress lol
Sundays were made for baking Todays creation...oat and apple bread loaf and so
BQQuinn that pic of you eating a caramel apple WEDDING BAND
So Apple s new MacBook Pro USBC charging cord is not a Thunderbolt 3 cable. Thats lame Apple .
Any and all apple products
People cheat for that same reason Eve couldnt stay away from that apple ...TEMPTATION.
I picked the wrong day to come to the Apple store
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple  MarketWatch MarketWatch
Sexy Retro Lace Floral Phone Case For Apple iPhone 7 6 6s 5 5s SE Plus
why does apple gotta make everything so complicated
Eeehh. Apple and chocolate dont really go to well together I wouldnt think.
Apple oatmeal with brown sugar 1010
CEO Tim Cook says he stands by Apple s 250 DACAstatus employees
Sissys order green apple moscato sangrias such torture
... also liked the fact he loved my toy photography works Thank you Apple Singapore for making this possible starwars ilm rogueone 
The Essential Phone is a beautiful alternative to Apple s iPhone
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On Artificial Intelligence  The Wall Street Journal
If anyone wants to know how my life is going apple notified me that my card got declined for my 99c storage
Exactly. He avoids anyone whos too close to being accurate about his flaws and criminality.
From the Apple Chess engine code 
JOKE Physics Teacher Isaac Newton was sitting under a tree when an apple fell on his head and he discovered gra
Mamidre HATES Apple  but I guess you guys already know that.
I liked a YouTube video
Huawei unveils faster phone chip it says can beat Apple  Samsung
so basically what i do is take one tablespoon shot of apple cider vinegar w a bottle of water
Seattle WA TimesBusiness Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Ottawa teens lowcost frankisaphone smartphone to take on Apple  Samsung 180
hole19golf is the Apple Watch app session based
I just had a piece of apple pie and it was delish
Huawei derrota a Apple y a Samsung en Int Artific  Identi
You and this Apple Pay
So why isnt Hang On by Kierra Sheard not on Apple Music
Currently baking a Gravensteins Apple Cobbler. Smells magnificent.
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
 Apple AR Is Already Blowing Up by CharlieFink w digicapitalist OntarioBritton shekitup 
Should I get Apple Music or Spotify Help
Hey Apple  I was recording a very memorable moment that was interrupted and stopped by a low battery alert. Fuck that.
Turn on BR notis and let me know what you think  always trying to gather feedback on Apple News experimentation
Apple iOS or Android  Which One is Better for you Read and Compare
wwwwhy  apple user ka
I brine w the same liquid I use to inject. Apple juice sugar salt Worcestershire. The recipe is all over the internet or in my 1st book
Dope Ill take green apple or blood orange
Getting Apple Music was a huge power move on my part.
It covers everything except the apple logo
thread of updates on apple cider vinegar
Im only going to college so my Apple Music subscription is 4.99 and not 9.99
http Amazon.com  Inc. AMZN Hopes its Echo 2 Can Beat Apple Inc.s AAPL Ho
Forbidden fruit watchout for the Adams Apple
Reynolds faces Apple criticism from both Democrats and GOP 
I wish Apple made a fast way to be able to scroll to the very beginning of your text conversation...
Apple s Real Reason for Finally Joining the Net Neutrality Fight
KimReynoldsIA RepDavidYoung yall are such fans of Apple  listen to their CEO and ProtectDACA
im baking an apple pie rn and it smells amazing
Apple Watch faces smartwatch competition from Fitbit Garmin and Samsung at IFA
I love my samsung never apple
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple
iphone 7 mac book pro  an apple watch ....... next one up is an apple tv
I liked a YouTube video
Apple sold to have ways Orwells We had a problem thanks Peter Navarros white backlash voters are
Mine took off the delivery fee when I used Apple pay
Theres more than one reason to buy Apple
ICYMI being low level at a tech company like Apple sucks so much more now  Mashable
People who think Apple Macbooks are reliable and stable obviously dont work much with Macbooks.
I need more TrillSammyy on Apple Music
just saw dude using an apple as a soccer ball...be thankful
Google Microsoft Apple  Yahoo and others have been building antispam systems for decades and still barely make a dent in my email spam 
I switched to apple for one reason and thats they support their devices longer than a 2 year contractand the easy ui experience
Thats a pine apple plus an apple wth Kash
Tag yourself Im the person playing ready for it in the Apple Store
Apple CEO destroys ALL privacy 4 products in China bows to Chicomscontributes to massive pollution there  Worker Suicide as well
Bad trip with maestro Apple
Does anyone have Apple Music Is it worth it
20 Companies as cool as Apple hiring now and GettyImages makes the list via dailymuse
Crown apple rum  round 2 and 18 years
Its everywhere 2 so if u like listening on spotify apple music tidal whatever do that 2
FlatScreenClean Cleans to the EXTREME Removes permanent marker and more check us out Apple D2C17
Yeah lol but its good to get it done at apple cause you void terms of service if you get it done anywhere else.
laying in bed being a sour apple bitter bitch wyd
Egg white cocktails are fun. Clover Club with homemade apple jelly instead of raspberry jam and
My phone is starting to break looks like I have to get the new coming out You Win Apple
Never rmind 250 AMERICAN dreamersrightTim Cook says he stands behind the 250 Dreamers currently working for Apple
Apple Music is INSANELY slow. Should I really be paying 9.99 a month for this Apple
NEW SEALED APPLE IPad PRO 10.5 64GB UNLOCKED WIFI GRAY BLACK MQEY2LLA CELLULAR Price 679.00 View ...
Its days like this I miss Apple . The real Apple . The one that died when Wozniak left again in 1985. 
Any apple flavored liquor is DISGUSTING
I wish Apple made charging cases for the 7plus 
ICYMI being low level at a tech company like Apple s...
My Apple Watch got stolen so she got us Apple watches happy one year babe 
would you say it was... a bad apple 
Guess who has some vegan apple pie baking to do 
karamatsu i fucking thought that piss jug was apple juice
Reynolds faces Apple criticism from both Democrats and GOP  News  Observer
Theres a FREE Itunes  Apple Music  App For Android bro
VMAs Donald Trump iPhone Case TRUMP Nice 6 mobile Apple tfb
apple
MY BOYFRIEND JUST CALLED FIONA APPLE ELTON JOHN MIXED WITH LANA DEL REY. I SCREAMED.
Jack honey because.....ONLY 1 place has crown apple .
Homemade apple pie infused vodka fallshots yummy 
nowplaying WanteD WanteDMrs. GREEN APPLE 
apple music is over priced and yu can do so much more with pandora premium lol look it up
Apple Mango Famous tropical fruit. In Japan its called the sun egg. 
This descent into LA is really rough. My Apple Watch keeps telling me to breathe.
Apple music just made me a crushthemed playlist and labeled it Chill. I feel so attacked right now.
6LED Wireless Endoscope WiFi Borescope Inspection Smart HD Camera Apple iPhone
The wife got an Apple Watch for her bday. I live to see another day
Tim Cook tweets support for Dreamers says 250 work for Apple  MarketWatch MarketWatch Tim
Wood cufflinks Magical apple wood cufflinks handmade woodwork by TrueWilderness
Just one more reason to Apple .
I have made apple jelly which I recommend.
Apple IPod touch 5th Generation SilverBlack 16 GB Price 51.00 View and Buy this item on eBay ...
MY MOBILE GAME JUST WENT LIVE Apple 
MY MOBILE GAME JUST WENT LIVE Apple 
250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I stand with them. They deserve our respect as equals and a solution rooted in American values.
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
its an app for phones roku Apple TV or Amazon players.
Apple s Sept. 12 event What to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more  CNET
 Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Cheap labor for Apple
Americans could be filling those jobs.
wild how frustrating the apple store is
Apple controls the dialogs that pop up for InApp Purchase. Unfortunately the one that says you already own this and will not be charged
Top story The Big Names In Tech Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworker
Top story Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I sta
Same here bro
Top story Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I sta
Overpriced phone
Tech most influential Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I 
Nike and Apple open stores in North Korea in five years guaranteed. Kim wants to be Vietnam. How he gets there is the thriller.
Technology world influencers Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers a
Iphone7 or galaxy s8 samsungglaxys8 iphone7 samsung apple s8 iphone smartphone 2017 
Top story Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I sta
Top story in Tech Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamer 
Top story Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I sta
And colleagues I will one day be in a position where I can be of great help to those in need.. not just here but around the world.
I attempt to make hard apple cider. Follow me and lets learn how to make alcoholic stuff Link
With my BIG apple baby . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  SonyA6000 The Big Apple
Concords finest wrapped up theday with 3DTV Now5 Premium Entertainment and 2 Apple watches NigelDonJeremy Team Crush 
Green Art Glass Brooch Forbidden Fruit Double Apple  Austria Glass Cabachon Rhinestone
Apple CEO says he stands by 250 DACAstatus employees
Youre going to the big apple during the hurricane
dont you have a roku Apple TV or Amazon player
Ive heard that with the iOS 11 update to Apple Music we will be able to share playlists better. I might work on a huge playlist on there.
made apple cinnamon bread for breakfast 
partynextdoor DAMN. Is fire. Release it on apple already so it can climb the charts
I mean Adam didnt have to eat the apple
Ow... Ok...
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
i need someones apple id so i can download vs cause i dont have any packs on mine
They trash
Im at Apple Willowbrook Mall in Houston TX
Today I forced harrisonbrockk to stop because I wanted to pick apples from a tree and he gives me a bag from Apple to put them in
Cant wait Apple
First apple crisp of the season. And its raining. Perfect. cheatingonthecherries 
Apple  Bacon and Sausage Breakfast Skillet
Apple CEO speaks out as Trump weighs young immigrants fate
Apple reportedly ends  Apple Music Festival after 10year run
i know i got it on apple music. i didnt post dis but thanks
Great morals old Jeffy teaches his kids. Obviously the apple didnt fall far from the tree
I tried apple pie shine and didnt like it. Havent ventured to try anymore.
If I dont end up where I want then I hope to build my own business and eventually an empire. As I have stated many times to my friends
Does Apple not care that their customers take great offense to their support of this hate group Or are they also that far left too
Prices Names Leaked for Apple s Next Flagship Device
I liked a YouTube video
Apple needa fix that shit once you blocked you cant call AT ALL 
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
I have the beta software... so mines always screwed up someway or another lol
If she offers you an apple  dont eat it.
im gonna cry WHY DO YALL ALWAYS DO THIS TO ME
IceBlue Sofa white rum blue curaao apple juice Angostura bitters  maple syrup over ice served very carefully in this glass 
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Genetics is a bh.
Arabic coffee French apple
Now hiring for Apple Products Tester Los Angeles United States
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark Apple Watch Band 42mm Black New.
but when you think about it apple sauce is really just apple juice with pulp
It feels so patronising when my Apple Watch congratulates me for standing up.
My ex GF got me an Apple Watch iPhone 128 GB and new luggage set for Christmas. Women do things when they love you.
do any of yall know how i can convert a song from youtube or soundcloud onto apple music
 Apple has confirmed that Apple Music Festival its annual London free concert series formerly known... 
What youre telling us is that 250 criminals got jobs with apple instead of Americans
HELLO WTF ALL NIGHT DISAPPEARED FROM MY LIBRARY AppleMusic AppleSupport Apple
Everything we are and everything we have and we must keep moving. Thing may be getting a lot harder but nothing is impossible.
Been a long time since Ive had an apple fresh organic Cinderland EcoVillage
from 10  1982 Apple Ii  Kids And The Apple  Edward H. Carlson  Vintage Book
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
They should make a FaceTime that isnt for Apple slaves.
Apple Inc To Launch The New iPhone 8 In September
Apple Inc To Launch The New iPhone 8 In September
Apple Inc To Launch The New iPhone 8 In September
News Finance Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
He comes back up gasping and smoothing his hair back. And hes reaching for another apple .
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple Pie Roll Ups
Currently Im soaking my feet in apple cider vinegar and water bc thats how the internet said to fix the blisters
ÎÄeBayÎÄ Apple iPad Air 2 64GB WiFi 9.7in  black C 340.00 0 BidsEnd Date 09Sep 1939Bid now  Add to
Plenty of choice for Apple Pay. Not just ANZ  Amex offering it. 
Yeah I wont miss it after all its the tenth iPhone launch
TEACHING GENESIS CHAPTER 3813 WE SAW NO APPLE  SNAKE OR TREE MORE TRUTH TO WHAT HAPPENED IN THE GARDEN OF EDEN 
Amazon and Apple beware rival smart speakers star at IFA 2017
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
Thank you . Im excited for the event
They tweet people who like the event announcement tweet 
Torn. Agree with the sentiment but Apple holds billions off shore to avoid taxes while majority of manufacturing is in China. Priorities
I also spot this
Future. But this fight is now over. Everyone of us should continue to move forward and fight for our dreams. We dreamers have earned
granny smith apple PushAwards2017 PushAwardsKissMarc
I dont want your apple pie mama
Blue Line Los Angeles Metro Wikipedia article edited anonymously from Apple
To Understand Rising Inequality Consider the Janitors at Kodak and Apple  Then  Now
Stay losing these MFrs. apple sponsor a playa
Laser Beam pattern Apple Watch Band with 38mm 42mm Adapter in different colours options
Billie dances to Pen Pineapple Apple Pen by Daimaou Kosaka 
Apple really needs to step up their headphone game. Samsung got a point with the Galaxy and Note 8. 
TheBigApple . . . . . . . . . .  SonyA6000 The Big Apple
Its a tough call to make. I kind of want the Organizer to be the same Apple ID weve been using and not mine. Having commitment issues
and it will be available on Apple Music spotify google play amazon Tidal YouTube Music etc. over 150 streaming sites and stores.
They tweet via Twitter Ads which doesnt count towards total tweet count
Mustard Rubbed Pan Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Sweet Potato Leek and Apple Bake OKchef309 
The Big Apple sweetshoppechallengebingo
Thats the reason I dont buy any Apple products.
motherships new experiment malunggay carrots cucumber pineapple and apple . infairness masarap siya tho the colors deceiving 
Found this chart they supported iphone 5 for 4 years till now. Wow almost all android flagships only get 2 years of support 
The new Apple store at South Hills Village is pretty nice
Apple wants me to pay them to get access to MY music that I payed for already. Wtf is wrong with Apple 
Yeah Apple uses the contractor bc its cheaper the contractor to be cheaper ganks the benifits of its employees to make up costs.
Blakes apple cider and apple Ciroc is the mixture
A lady came to the Apple Store thinking it was broken but her do not disturb was on
Just another reason to hate Apple
So far I tried pineapple green apple and now watermelon
Tim Cook expresses support for the Dreamers at Apple as Trump mulls ending DACA
Courage.
My dreams are not dead but they have been significantly set back as of now. With this level of uncertainty its hard to think of a better
Apple IPod touch 4th Generation Black 32 GB Very Good Condition Price 31.00 View and Buy this ...
10 Reasons to Let Students Watch the Apple Keynote  Hacked Leadership WEareLakota
Me Me Big Boy jacksfilms 
TheresaAnnD 6thman
I wanted Apple Pay
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge
Labor Day..The unofficial end to Summer..Next we head into the beautiful season of Fall. Apple cider fairs and...
We came a long way... from limewire to saying fuck it and paying Apple Music
Dinner tonight with the first apple cider of the year. Oh yeah and potato chips. Didnt want
Apple Seeking New Headquarters For Video Team At Historic Hollywood Studio Report
Hey Bandrew I was wondering if you could test some USB microphones with the Apple Lighting to USB adapter. D
has apple gone too far
I liked a YouTube video
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Stop
Delicious baked apples. Perfect for Fall  but anytime you have a good baking apple . recipe
Leaked Apple Document Outlines Apple s iPhone Repair Rules
Ooohhh Id love to try Toms gilded pear and Stevens toffee apple GBBO
Our new monthly smoothie feature is here Its our Apple Pie Smoothie Its a must try Were open from 83 today 
Apple should give student discounts too . Like we use our apple devices for presentations and shit
Parallels Gives IT Control over Windows Running on Apple Macs via itbusinessedge
Oh yeah btw.. HAPPY 5 MONTHS TO MY HEART MY BABY GIRL MY CINNAMON APPLE I LOVE YOU JENNY MARSHALL MORE THAN WORDS COULD HOPE TO DESCRIBE 
Check out Apple Tree Bay. Pretty Spectacular
Im at best buy for a usb c port bc fuck apple
Apple Site5SOSBRMeLeva
She hit the nail on the head. Real reason Apple and others want to keep DACA  doing it right casts them huge money
Apple didnt fall far from the tree 2 degenerates
Tyler bought me Halloween candies and Caramel Apple candles today and it just made my day lovehalloween andmybf
Ive been standing for almost 8 hours straight and my Apple Watch just notified me that I need to get up and move around... tf
and im going to ignore that you said pen pineapple apple pen
Is hit in the head with the apple . I guess this makes him Newton now. Dont do it again ya fucker. . . . He simply said.
I need someone in my life that will eat all the green apple skittles bc theyre my least favorite
More excited for apple cider everything than pumpkin fallbasicbitch
Make sure your Apple Watch is listed under Data Sources in the Apple Health app. Hope this helps
For real. 500K deal from Apple Music to get Coloring Book exclusively is not up and coming
Crossroads in our history and the time to speak up and stand up is now.
13 things everyone is going to love about iOS 11 
Didyouknow apples are the only fruit that grow in all 50 states Check out the getfedmd blog for more apple facts
vem pro apple music
KEEMSTAR I submitted mine on Apple . I just spammed random letters in the name it starts with a bunch of HAHAHAHHAAH
Apple Leak Shows How It Decides To Repair Or Replace iPhones
Apple Introduces Wireless NoiseCancelling Beats Studio3 Headphones
Good bye Apple Music hello again Spotify.
The VARs used to be vital to me in my work now I have only my own research because Apple squeezed em out.
I am very very disappointed with Apple . This corporation is not representative of my values.
Me. I cannot keep going if I dont speak out. If I dont at least spread awareness about the state of our union. I believe we at at a
everywhere in the little apple on this laborday butterfly sunflower MHK Manhattan Kansas
Happy Lovely Tuesbae Lovely Apple  PTL ALDUBMonAmour
To check if your Apple Watch is a source go to the Health app on your iPhone tap on the Steps graph then tap on Share Data...
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
IndieGame iosApp APPfree RisingHigh Academy IndieDev Community
Someone should pay me for having a fire Apple Music library
cant believe I lost my Apple Watch and nose ring in Athens
The company you lead will never get a dollar of revenue from me for betraying your country as I will NEVER buy an Apple product. EVER
As a nonemployee am I not equal According to your logic. I am an equal as a human being therefire I can enter Apple facilities and stay
I need someone to make a playlist of all the drake songs that arent on Apple Music
Its no wonder APPLE makes such a huge profit they employ a bunch of illegal aliens.
Same for me but only water chocolate milk  apple juice. For real. Lol
Leaked Apple warranty guide shows what it will and wont repair
Impossible or Apple pie
Nah dislikes are more personal to the individual viewer. Like for example pandora or Apple Music likedislike system
Like me so..
Apple Magic Mouse vs Logitech MX Master comparison 
Apple might use an entirely different name for the deluxe new iPhone  Excited to finally have a shot at buying...
No I lied. Place in a brown paper bag with a banana apple overnight and it will ripen quicker.
Apple Cider Vinegar Isnt the Miracle Elixir Its Cracked Up to Be
I heard apple is making cars are they gonna add windows
ARCore vs. ARKit Google Counters Apple  by ScottieGardonio
RT KEEMSTAR MY MOBILE GAME JUST WENT LIVE Apple 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1312 27 Intel Core i7 2.93GHz 1TB 8GB RAM Mid 2010
RT KEEMSTAR MY MOBILE GAME JUST WENT LIVE Apple 
. Apple JUST PULLED A taylorswift13  DELETED ALL POSTS ON THEIR SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS. THE iPHONE 8PRO10TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION IS COMING
Future. I usually dont like to punch my beliefs or hardships onto others. But the country I call home is drastically changing and it scares
Apple store guys could be either the most loveliest guy im your gadget butler may i assist you YRH or idontgiveashitwalks off
MY MOBILE GAME JUST WENT LIVE Apple 
Im not okay with a worker or some1 having my address other than high up personnel. Ive already been hacked by Apple by an employee
Throws an apple at. Oops her hand slipped.
HardballChris Only question you should be asking about SenSanders re 2020 is Will he order the baked apple  is he stocked on diapers
Your Apple Music 
Apple Pie
Just made some Country Apple samples now going to make some vanilla
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
Ok Apple the new iPhone can come out any day now
So GeorgeClooney and Apple support Antifa
Retweet If you own an Apple product.  
whole branzino stuffed with lemon and thyme over apple wood and charcoal 
yous my cinnamon apple
Apple Pie Cookies FOODPORN 
Posh Doggy Soft Silicone Phone Case For Apple iPhone 55S  FREE Shipping Wo ...
If the iPhone 8 is going to look anything like Samsung then Apple can have it. All of it. Ill stick with the 7.
Apple Mac Mini A1347 Desktop MC815LLA Mid 2011 Keyboard Magic Mouse and more
Torn between getting the new Apple Watch or buying a plane ticket to Vegas or LA
Its always caramel apple sucker season
I just saw a 8 year old with an Apple watch
get a roku Apple TV or Amazon player and espn watch app.
Thats not Hennessy its dirty apple juice bitch
An outstanding deal I must say that.... I just hate the red tape involved between networks looks like Ill just have to buy new phone
excuse me Apple SamsungMobile MotorolaUS please build a phone that can only ever take calls only on speaker phone ever
Hm. Naaah. Scratch that and make it an apple pie. A whole apple pie. Thank ya very kindly.
Sweet Potato and Apple Cole Slaw
apple music is like the spotify of apple  itunes is just the windows media player of apple
In yourself then it doesnt matter who does what for you. You must decide to work for a better future and put effort into creating that
NOT CLICKBAIT apple as a whole is having a fucking breakdown
Courvoisier  Apple Juice
Listen to it on Spotify or Apple Music
Now Playing The Sauceda Family is now watching Harry Potter and the HalfBlood Prince on Apple TV.
Does apple not have to E Verify
Your music is not available in Israel on Apple Music Makes me sad I cant listen to the new dope EPs
Apple is the best.
Apple is alright but that expandable memory is essential
Apple products stay messing up. Even with Apple s Inc help still cant fix things. It makes no sense.
So that means they pay twitter to respond to me Reminds me of those rich kids on Snapchat using ipads as frisbees. Look at me Im rich
It was on Apple Music then they took it off
Apple you guys ever going to make the charger cable longer that would be a real nice thing todo.
Am I the only one hoping they dont name it the iPhone 8 newiphone Apple
You got it on apple too
RT if apple
First pie out FINNEGANS Salted Caramel apple . 2nd pie out fultonbeer Chocolate Satin 
Okay what the actual heck is the difference between apple music and iTunes 
LOOK HOE I SAID I LOVE YOU W. A HEART SO PUT A HEART BACK. U MY FUCKN CINNAMON APPLE
PG FloydMayweather SG SteveJobs Apple SF OsheaJacksonJr PF Philknight Nike CME Nobody beating us
Apple iPhone 8 Release date rumours and everything you need to know
Adjusting for inflation based on the Note7 being 869 and the price of the S8 this is in line price wise. Wouldnt be a  if it were Apple
Can decide where my future leads me. Thats not to say that Im an arrogant person who can achieve anything. But if you dont believe
The new Beats Studio 3 Wireless headphones have better noise canceling and Apple s W1 chip
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation 
Im pressed I got a funnel cake and a candy apple
Please RT iphone ipad mac TSMC Posts Record Profits in 2016 Thanks to Apple s New iPhones
Just so you know Huawei is now the worlds no. 3 smartphone maker after Samsung and Apple .
JOB  Physician Assistant  Apple Valley Dove Trail  MinuteClinic  Saint Paul MN
Its september. IPhone 8 where are you Apple
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree Tommy just like his daddy and Tariq just like his daddy PowerStarz PowerFinale
Apple Ends Its Annual Music Festival in London
Apple iPhone 6s  32GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone MN1M2LLA
Even at Apple let me ask you sir if I enter your campus and your building am I welcome As a non employee do I have the right to be therd
ApplePayCash  Apple s upcoming P2P payments tool is likely headed for Europe 
Giving 0.99 to Apple isnt worthwhile when getsix gives them out free. Look just download them to drive or something
Black Apple  3D apple Personalized Apple  Book Apple  Handmade  Paper
Apple Tree apple nature photography 
If Apple s new iPhone 8 is a fizzer we will all suffer
Apple Israel is still a US company. Sorry.
IKEA PLACE Genuine Augmented Reality furniture app using Apple ARKit
can someone tell me whAt this is in my apple cider vinegar it has the mother in it 
Hes lying. Its all an act so he can get a British visa
San mig apple pa rin
I think that was the stupidest thing theyve ever done  like why apple 
Apple MacBook Air MMGF2 13.3 Laptop Computer Early 2015 UU
There was no future for me here. That belief slowly changed as I grew older and I realized that I am single most influential person who
You be a little happy after drinking some apple juice
Apple juice is everything
Roast turkey peas an apple and mashed potatoes for dinner  super yum
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Pen Pinapple Apple Pen
Im just trying to go apple picking and drink cider and do a ton of fall shit
Apple banned GAB app
My Uncle brought me a jar of homemade Apple Butter today. Its amazing. 
Or fucking apple and google remove the reset button. WHICH OH YEAH. THEY CANT SMFH
My daughter and I are baking a pie a week this autumn. First up the classic apple . Yes wnyc  Im bringing the leftovers in 
Im going to wager a guess here that the bro culture attitude they exude  plus they turnoff female audiences if you check reviews on Apple
She was cutting a apple
Android. So no apple music. But yeah maybe spotify
Leaked Apple warranty guide shows what it will and wont repair
THE SEERS DAUGHTER  AthenaDaniels11 2016 New Apple SuspenseThriller Medalist Winner
What do you love about wearing an AppleWatch everyday wearables apple design technology poll qanda
Apple reportedly ends  Apple Music Festival after 10year run
I mean we can merge calls but cant threeway in FaceTime tighten up yall slipping
Green Apple Books a singular store celebrates 50th anniversary
I love fall because pumpkin everything Halloween scary movies the foliageweather apple picking  football. I hate fall because clowns.
some 3 yr old is flexing his Apple Watch to everyone at in n out lmao
If I do decide to go with iCloud Family Sharing which Apple ID should be the organizer Me or the shared Apple ID
IreneEagle1 So he admits Apple is breaking the law watch their Stock tumble.
max is still at it. someone pissed in his apple juice this morning. must have been a non ucla cover
im eating apple jacks n fruit loops
Huawei unveils mobile AI assistant to take on Samsungs Bixby and Apple s Siri
Why dont u stand with the Americans like me who buy apple 
I mean I really cant imagine how YTs TOS can be enforced in places other than YT. Devs are pawns in a wicked GoT between Apple and google
Time for APPLE CIDER
Tim Cook CEO Apple ...
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I blame Apple Maps which tried to help us actually by avoiding tolls. Listen the intention was there LMFAOOOO
It is not so hard to ignore cockroaches on the floor if no one else is around. I really envy the Apple Store Bag.
iamblackbear Im Canadian and digital druglord became unavailable to Canadian Apple Music users Why 
Pretty good lightly sweet and fruity almost like a mild apple cider.  Drinking a Honey Blonde 
He started it. That Dejon boy
go listen to my newest single Joyride on Apple Music Tidal Spotify SoundCloud or whichever
OpenBox Certified Apple  Macbook  12 Display  Intel Core M3  8GB Memo...
I like the 6s and Im not buying the 7 or 8. Definitely cant afford it as a broke college student. Apple pls leave my phone alone.
apple wanted to charge 119 to replace my Pencil that just stop working why pay that when new is 109 with free shipping
Apple its about time for us to make conference calls on FaceTime
To understand rising inequality consider the janitors at Kodak and Apple  then and now
Apple Mango Tango Artisan Handcrafted Cold Process Type S
Top story Tim Cook on Twitter 250 of my Apple coworkers are Dreamers . I sta
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
iPhone 7  Apple MX hey s
Join 13 people right now at  Apple Ends Annual Apple Music Festival After 10 Years of Concerts  iPhone in Canada
apple music has the worst mjb breakup song playlist ive ever seen in my life. how is that possible her catalog is based off breakup songs.
NowPlaying Future  How it Feel on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
only to drive BACK from another route to the exact station I was picked up from. LIKE FUCK YOU HE USES APPLE MAPS.
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Apple is coming to Des Moines IA. Since they love the SPLC 2 million  s worth I could care less. No Apples for me.
The Rule of law is what makes a civil culture. Without law there is chaos. Within Apple you have rules if your EEs violate them disipline
Our delicious sweet amazing smelling apples we harvested this year apple Harvest delicious gardening 
I am proud to work for Apple and Tim Cook.
ARCore vs. ARKit Google Counters Apple android androiddev
Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Space Gray via eBay
Apple iPad Air 2 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray via eBay
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White via eBay
If people who have iPhones are apple consumers how come they havent eaten the apple logo on the back of their phones
ig iamhalsey  baseball  apple pie 
WHAT ABOUT APPLE
Leaked Apple warranty guide shows what it will and wont repair
Were based on my legal status. I let myself down in high school when I was convinced there was no point in continuing education since
10 Things Your Small Business Can Learn About Marketing from Apple INFOGRAPHIC 
Even an Apple store cant prevent the death of a US mall
pitchfork After a decade Apple Music Festival is no more
Apple Accenture Partnership to Build iOS Business Apps for Enterprises
TARA  Chopsticks Brothers  Little Apple K POP 
LITechNews  New caching system to make data centres more energy efficient Apple Berlin China
Im about to get reaaaaal fucking petty lmao cheers apple
FLASH SALE Caramel Apple 60ML by Ruthless only 2.0... 
If you dont care enough about America to hire Americans I dont need any more apple products.
Landed in the Big Apple ....now I want an Apple ...
Apple supports Dreamers in tweet  USA TODAY
Apple releases new Beats Studio 3 headphones featuring W1 chip better noise cancellation and battery life  9to5Mac
Learn from the best. How Apple s CEO communicates to his employees during a crisis situation. crisiscommunications
ig.iamhalsey baseball  apple pie.  tagged GEazy 
How much is if to replace your screen if you have Apple care I just dropped it and theres bare cracks 
Gleams Apple HomePod Giveaway
To be part of that wave of dreamers and believers who truly want to leave this world a better place. Through out my life most of my decisio
Seems the apple doesnt fall far from the tree where the Trumps are concerned.
RealAlexPreston you get my message about You I bought on iTunes and streamed on Apple Music. Only 152. Cutoff. Where is full version
AppleSupport bought a new charger 3 days ago from the Apple Store and its already broken this is ridiculous for the price I paid. Fix this
Apple cider vinegar will dry it out and have it fall off 
MASSIVE APPLE PRODUCT GIVEAWAY MAC IPAD IPHONE I WATCHES GIVEAWAY
FLASH SALE Caramel Apple 60ML by Ruthless only ... 
How apple fi only give people 5Gb of iCloud storage
someone get brooke a fucking apple  a freezing cold bottle of water and a geography lesson
tonight is for celebratory apple pie and netflix but tomorrow i will be getting back to everyone who is waiting on something from me
Spotify Apple Music Those are the only other things I can think of lol
Apple can you override Acid Rap and Days Before Rodeo onto iTunes thanks
Apple reportedly ends  Apple Music Festival after 10year run
apple products just stop magically working whenever theres a new thing on the market
I just ate an apple . Yall could never even imagine being this skinny. 
In any case this thread about Apple doing it is fascinating
When they announce the new Apple gear and their features.
Leaked Apple warranty guide shows what it will and wont repair
Check out Basics at Apple .
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years  Pitchfork
apple pie. hands down
Qualified to work for such prestigious companies. My work is not done here. The world can be a much better place for everybody And I want
dkfksjd fuuuckkkk i mean u could still try apple they might say trade it in n replace it w a new one
Sounds pretty obvious to me... Apple does not use EVerify
Its the day to recognize world labor that makes great products like Apple Samsung Tesla Toyota Farmers I....
When someone tells him to eat a apple
FLASH SALE Caramel Apple 60ML by Ruthless only 2.00  My... 
ONE MCDONALDS APPLE PIE PLEASE
surans sad pain just played apple music knows me so well
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Nothing like homemade apple crisp with apples fresh from the tree. If I could share I would. AppleCrisp 
Wow that small ass apple martini got t me lit
Apple uses a contractor so even though the pay is roughly equivalent given inflation one was working for a prestigious company and
How Starbucks Apple and More Make Content Work For Them
Its the day to recognize world labor that makes great products like Apple Samsung Tesla Toyota Farmers I. Central Valley and women of world 
Hewlett Packard .Microsoft as well as Apple have one not so obvious thing in common All 3 were started in a garage. technology fact
Anybody selling an Apple Watch
Man I feel stupid tweet Living at my house over 1 yr dont mow lawn much. Just did  realized I have 2 peach trees  apple tree SMH.
Dinner BBQ Turkey Tenderloin Cauliflower Gratin Kale Apple Cranberry Salad Baked Potato 
Latest On What To Expect From The Upcoming Apple Event
that reminds of this guy in apple who was told to have a seat and came up to the advisor to be told to wait again
Cooked up my apples into a pie. I can use the frozen greens oranges and banana ice cream in smoothies. I can have apple pie Ala mode 34
I paid 300 for apple care and some mf tried to talk stupid to me over an IP address. Ill be damned. bet
pitchfork Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
Pen pineapple apple pen
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Why is my son NOT PLUGGED INTO APPLE AIRPORT EXPRESS RIGHT NOW Who unplugged at grandparents Im going to him to makes sure he is safe
U know I will
Theyre announcing the new iPhones  Apple products a week from tomorrow. the tech nerd in me is excited 
I have been loyal to Apple since 1989 I have 7 Apple products right now But you have not been loyal to America. I will change brands
Rocky Top might look that up on Apple Music
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
I spent 13 minutes working out with Apple Health. 91 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 50 minutes working out with Apple Health. 349 calories burned. LoseIt
Caramel Apple Pork Chops video included WhatsCookingWednesday
What will I lose if I go with Apple s Family Plan vs continuing to use a single shared Apple ID hmmmm
Apple Music Need To Put Wayne No Ceilings Mixtape On There
Sounds pretty obvious to me... Apple does not use EVerify
Apple why is there no brain emoji
Most people are excited for pumpkin spice stuff. Im excited for apple cider.
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
I admit probably the main reason I watched Doogie Howser M.D. was because it had an Apple IIgs. He never programmed it though. 
I spent 2 minutes working out with Apple Health. 14 calories burned. LoseIt
ICEgov take a visit to Apple 
There will always be a spoiled apple or apples in the mixture  not saying all of them are angels but to those who have a dream why crush it
Apple never Discounts its Smart Battery Case for the iPhone 7 or iPhone 66s so Amazon did
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
i almost washed my apple watch again omg what the fuck is life right now
eliquiduniverse  Sour House Sour Apple  Watermelon Strawberry candy ELiquids by
Apple Isnt the Only Branding Genius. These 6 Companies Are Making Original Content the Right Way
360WiseNews  New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock
apple WWDCiPhone8iPhoneEditionappleeventexcitedseptember12httpswww. instagram.compBYo1V2olU1Z
Billboard and Apple Music call her that
get a roku Apple TV or Amazon player.
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked A1661 W Apple Care Plus
My leadership at work I wanted to do something great at State Farm.. something that can help me shine in a brighter light when I felt more
Crown Apple
LWCUS Apple Watch Band
Come check out French Apple Pie
I really appreciate my Apple Music friends like 9toPHIve and poeticjustiZZ ... Its beautiful to keep up with trusted judgments of music
An apple a day keeps the doctor away hahaha May kasama pa orange
Okay Im gonna need that apple pic but with Wigglytuff and its a perfect apple
I think i like apple music playinallthejams whenbobbybrownwascool roni applemusic
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung  VentureBeat  Mobile
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Apple  Google Facebook and more speak out on Trump and DACA
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
do u guys ever think apple maps just makes u take the longest and most backwards ass way possible
As reported on the blog Letsgodigital it looks like Apple is looking at ways to enhance its payments offering in Europe. Specifically it
RT ParthibanRajaGE How to Transfer or Switch Android Data to an iPhone
teen apple bottom dance
CORA DID YOU TAKE MY APPLE JUICE
drinks as in some apple juice shit wasuupppppppp
Im eating an awesome apple . Its fall for sure
God gained such a amazing woman today my little apple juice three years of caring for you.. fuck hate this part of my job..
You know its gotta be complicated when the Apple Store techs tell you to call Apple Care. Ive stumped them all this time
To Understand Rising Inequality Consider the Janitors at 2 Top Companies Then  Now
Its gonna be crap but sure
Ive never had anything apple 
I liked a YouTube video
Perfect Timing by NAV on Apple Music
RT if youve never heard of Apple Music Festival before
apple head ass
Apple s AirPods Dominating Emerging Wireless Earbuds Market Say Analysts
Apple s 1000 iPhone 8 to offer users more bang for the buck than ever before
Its apple so Id be surprised if they arent lol
FLASH SALE Caramel Apple 60ML by Ruthless only 2.00
are you still in your warranty bc if its not dropped or water damaged apple should fix it for free
realDonaldTrump dropping the apple  its the orange juice bad bad arrow Will this be your heart Will this be what is shot first in war.
End up working for Apple or TeslaMotors.. two companies who I believe want to help create a better world as I do. As Ive commented to
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Beats Studio3 Wireless. Only at Apple 
exactly kinda sad really.
There should be a Find Apple Watch option tbh just like Find iPhone using iPad and Find iPad using iPhone
Arabella apple is not a fruit.
why did your collab with gnash get taken off apple music
Iphone 8
Apple software iOS 11 release date features public beta and apps REVEALED  The Sun
can my card come so i can turn on my fucking apple music back
This lady on wheel of fortune teeth so big she could eat an apple through a picket fence.
Made a trip to the Lancaster Fair today. Had the best hcking apple crisp ever. 
testing testing. Thanks to Apple Support. One of the last great companies with superb customer service.
Samsung Dear Samsung It is clear you do NOT value your customers. My next purchase will be an Apple phone. Bye
Where to go apple picking in Georgia
The apps are not updating. Even after going to individual app pressing update. Like this since last night. Help  Apple AppStore 
geezus H... APPLE  you need to set an example you are part of the problem pay your share of taxes
I need an Apple Watch charger
Apple juice fallin from her lips took a lil sip
Bear looking for apples in and around the apple trees 
Have a Garden Party harvest2017 gardening apple photography photographer 
Do you have mobile espn app or Apple TV app Its on there.
apple music
Wait until after the Apple release party on the 12th. Wouldnt want you to regret switching to android. Biggest change ever apparently
Apple iPad Mini 2 Retina A1490  32GB Verizon WiFiCell LTE Space Grey
michael really just snapped me a 20s video of him eating an apple lol
I want an Apple Watch soooooo bad can I magically get 300
I know I say this every year but this is the most Ive ever been excited for an apple event
Why isnt Find My Apple TV Remote a thing
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
apple Acknowledges iOS 10 Backup Security.... technologyfacts spygadgets hrtechnology
Great serendipitous opp for me with these pics ... And check out the apple piefaced cutie D
Screw facebook apple amazon these people need child labors
And an apple die pls
Apple announces their new releases
I was wondering why I couldnt listen to your song anymore on Apple Music .
Facial Recognition is very real and so are existing biometric technologies  security measures. Apple is one of
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
Apple Music Festival Canceled After 10 Years
Dear Apple please make the iPad dust resistant and please make it little water resistant for us. AppleEvent ipad ipadpro ipad 3 user
The lightening is going to be the Apple Auto Glass TSN turning point for someone... As someone is going to win this game eventually. CFL .
Maybe they removed their tweets also just as the headphone jack and possibly even touch Id for next iPhone
I love how I can play my grandpas oldies for him on Apple Music
Can we please get a softball emoji soon Apple weve been waiting for years
Androids better
Tuna would be better but it doesnt grow on trees. Hehe. They eat them  make pies apple crisp  applesauce. Theyll get more in 2 weeks
Brand New Apple iPhone 6s Plus 5.5 Retina 16GB 4G LTE GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone
Sick girl uses Apple s Siri to save her family from raging floodwaters of Hurricane Harvey  The
Brand New Apple iPhone 6s Plus 5.5 Retina 16GB 4G LTE GSM U
Yes I would get one pumpkin and one apple pie atleast twice a week
If youre at the Apple Store and it gets robbed does that make you an iWitness
We THINKHBCU FIRST NHISGSPORTS trturner NeverHadITRadio The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
BuyTempered Glass Screen Protector For Apple Iphone 4  4S Malaysia shop click here
I worked for Apple for seven years  thats the joke 
AMERICA FIRST....you seem to be against AMERICAN EMPLOYEES. apple seems rotten to the CORE. screw citizens they want CHEAP labor.
Czipars Apple Orchard in DBQ is open I talked with them about their crop and theyve got good news. Hear from them at 10 on KCRG 
Im thinking of getting an Apple Watch and some air pods
MacBook Pro 2017 MacBookPro MacBookPro2017 Apple Mac iphone7plus iphonephotography
CEO of Apple admits hes been hiring illegals in USA instead of American citizens.
After a decade Apple Music Festival is no more
Another AssistantNews Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Sams...
Thank you angiehey apple for working with me to create these beautiful photos everyone follow
Apple will be announcing a new iPhone on 912. If your iPhone is acting up you know why
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Hot mama and the boys apple picking...  happylaborday
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Display Release on apple CAST
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
time to boycott apple .
No matter how many times i wash my earbuds they always seem to still work. Good job apple
Your Kmart knowledge is impressive
Your storage is full thanks Apple  Ill just go delete some photos of my friends and family but at least Ill always have the stocks app
Apple
Its on my Apple Music
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Secretive Apple Tries to Open Up On Artificial Intelligence
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
instagram Apple AppleSupport Live Photos causes a black line to appear on a photo used for Insta. Suggestions other than turning off
Apple Pulls Popular ThirdParty YouTube App ProTube From the App Store  MacRumors
not bathing apparently
iOS  HomeKit Accessories  Apple
Topping of the day by baking some apple pie. Stream grind starts tomorrow Hopefully get better as a team some too
21 Pilots are the musical equivalent of whining about how your stepdad bought you Froot Loops instead of Apple Jacks
cam i will drink more apple juice from the. bottle you cant stop me now
ronishaaa Were here for you. Which version of macOS are you using Apple Menu  About this Mac.
we want to thank you for you iphone use you just hired another Zionist to work at apple  thanks for your support
I wish Apple Music had mixtapes
I hate you
Me a couple months ago mingyu kinda gross lol Me now MINGYUMY S O F T BOY LOVE THAT BOY SO S O F T MY FKCN CINNAMON APPLE
Drinking an Apple Blueberry Hard Cider by unclejohnscider 
Apple iPhone 7 Black 32GB  43999.00 27 OFF
Apple s customers dont really care about the new bezelless screen on the iPhone 8 AAPL
Whyy
Adresse en dm
Had to reactivate Apple Music since SoundCloud thinks its acceptable to play an ad after it plays an ad
i love everything about this playlist except for the fact its on apple music
Oh. Your babes a fine apple
Go get that Now Repost via fatboysse  w repostwhiz app 2FAT IS NOW Available ON APPLE 
Apple Juice  Pineapple Now and Later   Donut Sticks Are My Weakness
gladly xx
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Display Release on apple CAST
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Green Apple
Its because of her Im addicted to Dusse  Apple Juice She put me on at one of Sos 4th of July parties a couple years ago. Such a gem
3 hours later at the Apple Store and my laptop has been saved I guess it was worth it
Check out  Apple s Sept. 12 event What to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more on the CNET App
Apple fritters are life
Mrs. GREEN APPLE StaRt
Quero um Apple Watch
Green Apple  JohnnieAngel Moriah
Girl u got a Apple let me touch
How Apple  AnheuserBusch and other companies are helping Harvey
One bad apple spoils the whole damn bunch
Why cancel Apple 
The kind ofBad Apple  that gives all PoliceOfficers not just a bad name but gets other Officers injured too This Cop should be dumped
Block me back x
Apple Music
Thank you angiehey apple for working with me to create these beautiful photos everyone follow
Apple Cider Vinegar Natures Remedy for Heartburn 
Special privileges by Twitter or done using an external tool TwitterBusiness
how to track hurricane harvey on roku fire tv apple tv and a...
Its got blueberry hibiscus elderberry apple  and pomegranate and it tastes like a potion youd buy from a kind old forest witch.
airpods update at the Apple Event reneritchie
Im ready for apple cider and donuts at the orchard
So how does this work Apple  R Govt pay dreamers They are here illegally  get a great job  govt assistance Pls clarify is this legal
mind your business
 Apple Ends Annual U.K. Music Festival After a Decade
 Apple Releases New Beats Studio3 Wireless Headphones With W1 Chip Video
Lmao bone apple tea bitch
Rick Ross x Apple of my eye is one of my favorite songs
thats what its set as already
iPhoneUpdate  Apple iPhone 7S 7S Plus and iPhone 8 Release date and the story so far 
Ill never understand why trvisXX wont release A man and Green  Purple on Apple Music
apple cider vinegar  baking soda face mask  shouts out to monica
Its been a year since pen pineapple apple pen and Im still not recovered
Leak in iTunes 12.2 shows Apple will update iPod lineup iPod
report new apple tv coming in september
Yuki no Yado revealed their Halloween treat Teaming up with Pompon Purin theyre debuting Apple and Pumpkin Pudding flavors Wow
BREAKFAST coltscafe Sept. 5. Sausage Biscuit Pack Breakfast Cereal Bowl Applesauce Cup 100 Apple or Orange Juice Chilled Milk
That five oclock b2b crown apple set tho
Get the fastest route to a gas station and the cheapest gas for your vehicle with AAAs App for Apple Watch.
Just saw this on Amazon APPLE PLACEMATS set of 2  Handmade placema... by Netamente for 18.00
Hey Apple you need to include AMC on your list of apps for the Apple TV
Wait. So that means all their tweets are ads
Apple Music did for a second but they put it back
Apple Pie is such a timeless song
LET ME MAKE YOU A PLAYLIST Do you have Apple Music
Apple kills off its annual London music festival after accusations by Android owners of Androidophobia luke4tech
Omg apple 
iPhone 5S 5 SE 5C Case for Apple  Premium Leather Wallet Flip Cover
Thank God for Apple TV  ESPN app. WTF espn cutting away from DelPotro Del Potro USOpen
None support Quartz but VMware is the nicest to use. Still real bad due to no QE but thats apple s fault
I wish they had the apple pie one it was so good
Brand New Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP062LLA
Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Gold Aluminum Case Concrete Sport Band MNP22LLA
Apple damn I gotta jump through hoops to get into my own hacked account. fuck
Warning  Please Verify your Apple ID is a Phishing Scam
So apple discriminated against American workers to replace them with cheaper illegal labor
Ipad Iphone5s Iphone6 Iphone7 Iphone7Plus Verizon For Apple Iphone 7 Plus 8 Pin Car Auto Rapid ...Link
Sports Apple Watch Band Only 9.99 Reg. 40 Choose From 23 Styles via Raining Hot Coupons  ...
How does Apple manage to auto reply just tracking a retweet Not a single tweetreply shows up in their account SocialMedia SMM
Apple IPOD TOUCH RULES
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Exploring the mountains with LeahKPisgah  and we visited some apple orchards. noplacelikehome 
Today I made 2 types of pancakes smoothie pops pork and cheese tostadas BBQ apple tenderloinbroccoli cheddar rice corn and black beans
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
When you tryna to get another shot of apple juice but you to drunk to locate the bar
Texasinspired best apple lager
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone
fashion iPhone7 iPhoneSE rosegold 3pk 7.5 WhtRoseGold Apple MFI Cert Lightning Cable
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock
This is to prevent that early post like last year. Haha that was such a fail.
1992 The Apple II Guide  A Complete Resource for Users of Apple Computers
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung  VentureBeat
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge
Display Release on apple CAST
You know you have real friends when they let you use their college emails for the Apple Music discount.
Sports Apple Watch Band Only 9.99 Reg. 40 Choose From 23 Styles via Raining Hot Coupons  ...
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Canadian lemonade at Fredricks might be my new drink of choice. I need to find out exactly whats in it other than Apple Crown  lemonade
A 37yearold woman flying through the sky drinking a carton of apple juice
Apple cider donuts
IndieGame iosApp APPfree RisingHigh Academy IndieDev Community
thats why theyre like apple of my eyes
my iphone been actin hella up apple thinks Im finna buy a iPhone 8 but nah my mcm can wait till my phone unfreeze
Homeys PowerUp is the MacBook charger Apple should have made
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Only one can be rhe champion. Lucky for me my phone is at 5
Im not on apple . Bose seem to get best reviews
Apple releases new Beats Studio 3 headphones featuring W1 chip better noise cancellation and battery life
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 2.5 GHz Core i5 2 GB OS X 10.9 500 GB 21.5 A1311
cheesecake and apple pie in the fridge and im over here drinking water. i love dieting
JetBlue flight delays dont carry over to Apple wallet boarding pass is that normal
See see I too have an apple watch applewatch oldschool technology haha happylaborday 
Ive got Apple TV. Can I pay for only Sunday ticket
SHE ALSO STARTED SAYING  APPLE  APPLE  APPLE  AND IM D YING
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I want another Apple Watch
NYCKING then they had to put it back on Apple AppStore again  I think it was an Error on Apple AppStore on trying to make the Update.
Tim Cook suggests Apple is building autonomous systems for more than cars
Went to go get an apple pie today. The tag and receipt said apple but it was really a peach pie in disguise
thanku apple 
Sick girl uses Apple s Siri in order to save her family from raging floodwaters of Hurricane Harvey  The Suns Rays
Why is DBR on Apple Music as an Offset album called Years After Rodeo
Apple is communist and Anti American.
iTunes FULL KPOP ONLY IOS SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE TERUPDATE 
Were here for you. Which version of macOS are you using Apple Menu  About this Mac.
Zerodium an apple affiliate exploits are the few rights we still have head like a hole id rather die than give you control
This little pissing contest is worse than an Apple conversation 
My Ny.. The Big Rotten Apple Bored NyBigApple RottenApple SoNy
lol its never gonna be on Apple Music sis since she owns part of tidal shes only streaming it there
Breakfast Big Apple last night
Were glad to help When did this start What troubleshooting steps did you try with Apple  Please provide the makemodel of your phone.SVS
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. use my link
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Apple s Sept. 12 event What to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more  CNET
I wish they hurry up with his phone. Apple takes allll day
Sits criss cross apple sauce in the TL.
Apple dont let a nigga enjoy his new phone before they bust out a new one
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
apple
The apple dont fall too far from the fucking tree
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone win 
Thanks for the mention DJIMB3RRY RT TechyGeeks1 RT techristic Apple discontinues annual London music festival  
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Apple CEO says he stands by 250 DACAstatus employees
Photoshopped and positioned not to show Adams apple .
New Details Emerge On Apple Pay Cash http PYMNTS.com ÎÄ
Display Release on apple CAST
Crunch Report  Apple Rolls Out Early Version Of Its Safe Driving Feature
They are all pieces of too. realDonaldTrump is the best thing since APPLE PIE Obama SusanRice RepMaxineWaters RepAdamSchiff cnn
I pay for Apple Music already it should come with it
Still better than Apple
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Thread 35 I was granted my US citizenship to be a minister and work as a Worship Leader. I AM a Christian teacher. END of thread.
Kodak created a middl  class in the 1980s. Why havnt Apple s innovations done the same Maybe it has  ib China.
NYCKING Super Mario Run is Back on Apple AppStore  I heard that they were trying to update it so they had to Remove it from the AppStore
Parts for iPhone8 shipping in limited quantities prices will be high
Honestly AirPods changed my life. If youre not on Apple  check out Jaybirds esp if active. Their warrantyreturns policy is great too
RT Apple  Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live. Ret 
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
Itll be nice to have an Apple Watch idc if its first gen
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
If Apple s new iPhone 8 is a fizzer we will all suffer
Good point..
Thats like missing out on early Apple stocks
Youre welcome
And they can talk I miss the days when all they cared about was eating an apple 
Its on apple
Digital Pedagogy finds fox for a bad apple .
Thats why im ditching apple .
iTunes trying to DL Got 7 but it is so slow that i give up. Very sad. Apple s servers used to be good. Now it is over  amazonbest
Their essentials playlist on Apple Music is my fucking life.
WINNING NewSingle Available for Purchase September 15 2017 on Apple Music iTunes  and all other major online distribution sites. 
Tengo 3 productos de Apple btw. I know what the fuck Im talking about.
Look How Fucking Happy She Looks She is my cinnamon apple genesiiissss 
Now driving back to apple valley to get a different pair yo lol I must love shoes doing all this been to the mall and hesperia now back.
I thought this is gonna be another one of your uuh look at how superior apple is
66.8 miles today on the Tour d Apple . What a day 
My little apple tree broke its trunk making too much fruit . I hope it can heal with duct tape. It had bad worklife balance I think.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus  16GB  Silver TMobile Smartphone
How Starbucks Apple and More Make Content Work For Them
Apple Pie 
Apple launches premium Beats Studio3 Wireless headphones with W1 Bluetooth chip Brian FagioliBetanews
Apple reportedly ends  Apple Music Festival after 10year run Chance Miller9 to 5 Mac
Who wants to go to the apple orchard with me one day  get apples  apple cider donuts
Apple Ends Its Annual Music Festival in London Joe RossignolMacRumors
Fake Apple chargers seized and destroyed from Sydney phone retailer
Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
New Bonus Video Bestand 3 in 1 AirPods Apple WatchiPhone Stand Review
Pretty excited about the Progress feature. It was surprisingly simple to implement the Apple Watch ring animation. 
Cant wait for apple picking pumpkin patches haunted house and fright fest
10 Things Your Small Business Can Learn About Marketing from Apple INFOGRAPHIC 
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Apple will skip S moniker iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone Edition to be unveiled on 12 September
Apple Details Massive iPhone 8 Feature Cancellation via forbes
why is nct 127s pic nct DREAM fix this apple 
Apple Watch is better in my opinion
1.1M fan boys
is this a new apple update
Why lmao
Ive just received an achievement An Apple a Day
Apple Mac Pro Desktop Computer QuadCore Late 2013 ME253LLA
My first time enjoying the event as a consumer and not as an Apple tech support supervisor hella yeah I was crazy about bye apple problems
Excited about this from apple . What the Heck Is Markdown Anyway Making sense of the internets favorite language
Apple cider good asf
Apple s customers dont really care about the new bezelless screen on the iPhone 8 AAPL
apple 
How tf apple s tweets wont show when you go on their profile but you see their tweets on your timeline tfff and i just retweeted one
So I got to at least fix my hair and makeup then Like whats the move
CEO Tim Cook says he stands by Apple s 250 DACAstatus employees  The Washington Post
3 to reverse it. Perks of being one of the biggest companies in the world
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I wish Apple Music had mixtapes
Wow Apple axes annual Apple Music Festival in London after 10 years
burned 372 calories doing 52 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
go to messages and then the message history and click keep forever
Not all of us have 800 to drop every year on a new phone like Apple users do. googlenexus Please make this right making a new phone. QC
Report Tinder Is Now The TopGrossing App On Apple s App Store. 
So stoked to be drinking apple cider  rum literally 247 this winter
250 adults unless theyre child laborers with Apple paychecks and theyre not citizens... Tim sit down  stick to what you know.
How I wish
Okay yall who wants to come apple picking with me next Sunday I NEED to make an apple pie soon.
Have a lovely Tuesday Apple  ALDUBMonAmour
Thats what being Twitters special sweetheart gets you
Apple s Sept. 12 event What to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more
For my Pumpkin lovers here is a bundle thats perfect just for you Apple and cinnamon
Hello world rmber when Google got fined 2.7B thats Billion w a Capital B apple did the same have u Eva wnder y EU only fined Google
Apple Has Something in the Air
How to integrate iPhone into your strength training regimen Apple iPhone
2 achieve the same thing you could probably find a script somewhere that automatically deletes everything but I doubt theyd be any way
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular ATT 9.7in  White MD370LLA via eBay
Apple iPhone 8 Release date rumours and everything you need to know
Apple iPad Pro 9.7 32GB WiFi  3A857LLA  Rose Gold excellent condition via eBay
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge
RT karen7mae RT rowenajuanday  MarydaleEntrat5 Goodmorning apple ni Edward ikay ni arenjowa ni Luke God bless you loves. PushAwards 
struggling without apple music
Apple iPad Mini 2 Retina A1490 32GB Verizon WiFiCell LTE SilverWhite
Thread 34 I am a JudeoChristian who loves Muslims Hebrews and anyone who REPENTS before the Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth. UScitizen
Listening to Fiona Apple while I take pictures of myself instead of writing my journal IS my CRY for hELP
Z is not on Apple Music anymore sza
LOL is this at savers You could be an Apple Genius if you wore that.
McDonalds really outdid themselves with this guy as Chief Execute Presenter at Apple  would go down a lot better than whats going on now
Im really surprised BTOBs Japanese tracks are all on Apple Music TT why not on Spotify ughhhh
Give me a review unit please
Apple Has Something in the Air
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170904 apple iphone8newleakrumorpriceexpensive
Itll be wonderful if Apple Martin becomes a scientist and devotes her life to debunking pseudoscientific quackery.
fm The new Beats Studio 3 Wireless headphones have better noise canceling and Apple s W1
Google has more cash on hand than the budget of the entire intelligence apparatus of the United States. Apple has three times as much.
 Apple discontinues annual London music festival 
Apple Picking you guys are seriously family goals
I imagine they have an account manager at Twitter who would be able to hide all of their tweets temporarily  if you wanted to1
Apple iPod nano 16GB 7th Generation Review
RT the Apple tweet Ive RT previously and see how fast Apple replies. Go. Test it.
Are you folks citizens Much respect to all citizens.
Val is really finessing tf out of apple rn
idk it got 2 updates so far and its definitely getting the next one as well
Apple Picking 2017 Edition
That say that apple 8 phone cost a Rack and some change. I swear to GOD airplane mode BETTER take me on vacation
Ive said this for years since before 2012 and it aint just Apple
Question Possible to keep iOS 10.2 JB w new Apple Watch via rjailbreak
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170904 apple iphone8newleakrumorpriceexpensive
I spent 52 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
How to Use Apple Mail Drop to Send Large Files Online
I spent 2 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Denise Nelsona secretary made Mike Skrbina a salesman an apple pie 26 years ago. After he asked her out and now theyre my parents food
Apple TV
Break from apple picking in Oak Glen. applepicking family notlikenewengland 
One of a dozen reasons theres no Apple products in our house.
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 7 Plus Metro PCS 484
OK. Lets make sure that its Apple certified then follow the steps in this article
MLBTV Ive been having issues all weekend streaming via my Apple TV. Is this a widespread issue or just me
prosports needs to learn from facebook Google Apple and learn to build 21st century community
Unbelievable 
Apple IPad mini 4 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 7.9in  Silver CA Price 225.00 View ...
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Rose Gold Aluminum Case Pink Sport Band MNNH2LLA
May or may not have just impulsively bought an Apple Watch sos
Thread 33 I will only cry out louder if you try to silence me. There will be NO deletion of my content any longer. No SUICIDE for me
Workplace goods apple dumpling Cracker Barrel Old Country Store
DACAWorks ONLY 4 ILLEGAL ALIENS NOT AMERICANS THE APPLE DOESNT FALL FAR FROM THE TREE IF THEY DONT RESPECT LAW THEY DONT TEACH RESPECT
Question Possible to keep iOS 10.2 JB w new Apple Watch
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple to Use OLED Displays Briefly Before Switching to MicroLED Displays For..
Tomi you should go all out with your conservative ideals  shut your mouth open your legs  make babies and apple pie. Stay in the kitchen
Tay effect...
OccuWorld Federighi takes up the Siri reins at Apple
Why Apple s new iPhone 8 will affect all of us
If Apple s new iPhone 8 is a fizzer we will all suffer
Brad and I just had the dreamiest day. Slept in and napped read ate hot apple pie watched Moana.
Wait why did Apple tweet that to you Lol wheres the love for my tech YouTube channel Warenotice
Something for our friends who plan on upgrading to the next Apple OS iteration
1990 The Apple II Guide  A Complete Resource for Users of Apple Computers
3 Simple Ways Apple Cider Vinegar Can Help Your Dog  Holistic Pet Journal
His auntie Just gave me Smirnoff green apple pickles they were good af
A new apple iPhone charger is a god sent gift
3 Simple Ways Apple Cider Vinegar Can Help Your Dog  Holistic Pet Journal
Nice to know APPLE supports criminal activity. Nice to know APPLE DOES NOT support American values. Tim youre scum  so are your workers
Fuck you
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
APPLE IS ROTTEN TO THE WORM EATEN CORE
Me at the Apple Store today 
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
VerizonSupport iPhone cant send SMS messages only iMessages. After troubleshooting w Apple  they said to contact the carrier. Any ideas
Apple Music have cancelled the Apple Music Festival after 10 years
Apple Ends Its Annual Music Festival in London
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
USA Forbes Headlines NEWS broadcast by  New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock
Apple Pay to take on PayPal in Europe with Apple Pay Cash
360WiseNews  New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock
NEWS MUSIC Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge The Verge Apple kills
I should have guessed that you would be a Fiona Apple fan. Extraordinary Machine is one of my top five albums.
iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protecto for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 7s Plus 5.5 65 OFF
How to integrate iPhone into your strength training regimen
Nintendos Super Mario Run vanishes from iOS App Store
iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protecto for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 7s Plus 5.5 65 OFF
Apple Ends Its Annual Music Festival in London
Apple discontinues annual London music festival
apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
Getting started with RoadTripper with Apple Maps
Never cry over spilled milk but crown apple  thats a different story
How long will they support it
The food was good I didnt know what to expect but I enjoyed the meal from juicy short ribs to apple pancakes.
Apple Music only has planetarium  thats such a crime tbh
For gods sake Apple  how much must I save up for
Proud apple movegoal exercisegoal standgoal rings iwatch Austin Texas
WATCH Apple picking season is back Check out our stop at the Echo Hill Orchards and Winery today 
jihadwatchRS lsarsour The hijab hides her manly adams apple ...
Oh thanks Apple no free IPhone and new Mac pro
The apple doesnt fall far.
THIS FRIDAY The perfect fix for a Friday night dinner. 7.50 for 12 chicken baked potato and apple sauce.
I really like the sound of the red apple flavour Following and retweeted x
Saut the fried onions first then brown the hot dog slices. Add the maple brown beans and simmer for 15 minutes. Serve with apple slices.
Apple Teams Up With Chinas WeChat To Accept Payments Read More 
And Im over here still trying to figure out what my Canadian Apple ID password is so I can update it
Theres an old German say that fits the Clintons second act The apple doesnt fall far from the horse. Seems fitting dont you think
I literally lose my Apple TV remote everytime I put it down
Without a doubt TheCoppinger  but how No tweets on their profile
What the fuck did I just Opt In to
EFF opposes government censorship always have. Problem is that Apple and Google are monopolies. EFF members denounce all slavery.
cant relate apple music and spotify premium niggaaaaa
Thats not morality thats just sucking up apple polishing looking over your shoulder at the great surveillance camera in the sky...
Still waiting on Apple s approval
Its a Apple
 Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years tech
Anna Vocino as SIRI the Waitress
Reminds me a Carmel apple spice cider from Starbucks
Ppl who cut their apple in pieces and eat the piece directly from the knife... yall wild fr lmao
Did Apple Music get rid of anyone elses music
So how does this work. Apple  the Govt pay dreamers They are here illegally  get a great job and govt assistance Someone clarify pls
Ik vind een YouTube video leuk
Why Apple s future as a company hinges on Siri
they may have run foul of apple s rules. something that may have passed before might have got them dinged.
Book Vs Movie Podcast by Margo D.  Margo P. on Apple Podcasts
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
When youre too lazy to get up and charge your apple remote so you just download the app for the remote on your phone
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge
Literally choking on my apple .
Display Release on apple CAST
Lastest Apple Smartwatch News Will Pebble smartwatch be able to compete with Apple and Google Time
i damnear use apple cider vinegar for everything
Join 9 people right now at  Apple launches Beats Studio 3 Wireless noisecancelling headphones  Business Insider
Just thinking the same damn thing.
Stop buying Apple products Only way these people are going to hear us
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Check out this Pricebenders auction Last time this Apple iPad Mini sold for just 4.35 a 98 savings 
Apple IPhone 6 a1549 16GB GSM Unlocked Price 229.99 View and Buy this item on eBay Ends on  ...
This year the Apple A11 Fusion in a phone should be very competitive in percore performance with the best Intel notebook CPUs.
Huawei unveils AIpowered phone chip to take on Apple and Samsung
His Apple coworkers False humility. He is the freaking CEO Apple is a Chinese company anyway.
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Stunning Shock
I paid 350 bucks for my phone. 6 As long as youre not buying the latest its fine I guess.
I need to make these but without cherries maybe BlackBerry or Apple
He eating an onion like it an apple
apple of the eye talaga eh hahaha LABAN MAYWARDS PushAwardsMayWards 
And now China there goes Apple and Samsung
Cinnamon apple is always a solid choice
https itunes.apple.comusalbumadven turesinthedeepplayaid1221793997  Apple Music  Acinonyx EDM acinonyx edm music trance chillSpace dj beats hiphop
Thread 32 I have earned by FreeTrade rights with my hard work as a book author publisher distributer teacher  Gospel minister.
Federighi takes up the Siri reins at Apple
Ik vind een YouTube video leuk
Considering Im allergic to pumpkin... Ima go with apple
Talk about apple n get the answer pear
This picture taste like apple juice on Miami Beach with fresh palm trees plan b and a man with money  0 hoes
Not surprised so is Kaine Clintons cohort. Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple released a 350 pair of noisecancelling Beats headphones
Video Game Deals 94  Gran Turismo Sport Groupon Deals Turtle Beach Headsets Bad Apple Wars Gear VR ... 
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years
IvankaTrump realDonaldTrump POTUS EricTrump DonaldJTrumpJr And as they say the apple does not fall far from the tree. Barron Hopeful
Apple leak shows how it decides to repair or replace iPhones  The Verge
Apple of my eye....
Apple ends its annual music festival after 10 years
apple CEO is guilty of 250 Title 8 violations Hopefully they will be prosecuted
Ik vind een YouTube video leuk
I always wondered why that song was unavailable on Apple Music smh lol
It would be better for Apple if you focus on making great products than worrying about social issues.
they didnt have any sour apple when i went so i literally died on the fruit punch andwatermelon ones last night
Get some TNT ICE at
TaeyeonFact Favorite Fruits  Orange Apple  Strawberry Tomato
Apple will soon have hundredths of job openings for AMERICAN CITIZENS Yay
CEOs  whos getting political Apple  Facebook Google are imploring Trump to protect Dreamers
Open Faced Apple Pie.
Jane Bossia bossiajane  Apple of His Eye
Guarantee that this is part of the preevent marketing for their iPhone 8 reveal on the 12th
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple Ends Its Annual Music Festival in London
I liked a YouTube video
When you can online on your phone and even pay on Apple Pay with your Touch ID ... it just too easy to spend money
They must have an edit button.
apple juice watching sing street
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Like a human is limited to legal matters. I dont ask Apple how it feels today.
We are getting ready to put into Apple and Google stores Instructional videos for remote being made now.
New post on my blog Apple Seeking New Headquarters For Video Team At Historic Hollywood Studio Report
Display Release on apple CAST
Theres a way to tweet without having it displayed from your profile but you need special twitter permissions
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years  The Verge
do you burn the donut is the new tem whemts Apple
Had some overspillage issues apple sauce too thick. wishanswerlinewasavailable
New to Apple  New to iPhone  Classified Ad
Apple gonna start fucking with all our phones. We not finna have a choice but to cop.
917 WIN AN Apple Watch S2 Apple TV or 50 Amazon Gift Card Giveaway GetJimmyOffTheCouch ...
Apple never discounts its Smart Battery Case for the iPhone 7 or iPhone 66s so Amazon did
facebook is it illegal or against the rules can you LIVE Stream the Apple conference unveiling the new iPhone next week Facebook Apple
Leaked guide gives us a rare peek behind the curtain at the Apple store
Is Apple deliberately sabotaging old iPhones before a new release
Lawsuit should be filed for Apple timcook for Hiring people who do not have citizenship AmericaFirst
Getting Apple Music is the best choice I ever made downloading SoundCloud is the second
busy weekend crafting...getting ready for fall my favorite the square apple thanks for doing the bows on the kitties mama
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB Verizon Smartphone with accessories
Instead of threatening President Trump by using Apple s power wait for 4 years to get your candidate elected and then ruin the country.
ON AIR The Andrews Sisters  Dont Sit Under The Apple Tree
me theres no pi emoji we need to sue apple analiese then theyll give us an APPLE PIE i love this girl oml
I browbeat him to make this app for me over a year ago. Regex the text of any webpage to an Apple Watch complication.
What fruit do you eat the most often  Apple . Actually I have one in my bag.
Does anyone think my Apple Store even though I have never heard thunder.
Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first September was crisp and golden as an apple .
Apple have abandoned plans to build their first ocean going liner The iTanic after it kept syncing when docking.
I just want America Eats Its Young to be on Apple Music rn
Apple s go in the crisper
Apple kills off its annual music festival in London after 10 years 
Apple did the diagnostic
Canary Red  Play on Apple Music 
Apple might as well buy Twitter. Put it out of its misery.
R.I.P. Apple Music Festival
We didnt charge our Apple Watches obviously smh
Timeless response to not all white people are racist. When the entire system is rotten seeking solace in a few good apples is no solution 
Memo to all NHL teams with Apple Watches. Were Vegas our cameras catch everything
CARDI B TOOK BACK THAT 1 SPOT FROM TAYLOR ON APPLE MUSIC 
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees 
HABLAKLK Prod. JVIneris  FlyTwilightzone Arte xoverxpr Disponible en Spotify Apple Music y Soundcloud MFCHN
the real story here is someone found a use for the apple watch
Yankees fan What time is it Looks at apple watch
Got my pumpkin apple candle burning and Im ready for AHSCult
Dreamers contribute to our companies and our communities just as much as you and I. Apple will fight for them to be treated as equals.
wrong
Tim Cook says new version of the Apple watch will actually let you steal signs from the Yankees without also getting clobbered by them.
Apple orchard date Pumpkin carving date Scary movie date Haunted house date Fall dates Uh yes please Halloween wya
NOT APPLE
I gave you everything I could think of And I see only a slow ineffective change
We recommend contacting
Because apple said so
Report Red Sox Used Apple Watch To Steal Yankees Signs
Im just shocked that somebody found an actual use for an Apple Watch myself.
Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs theoldgreywolf See this
Tim Cook says new version of the Apple watch will actually let you steal signs from the Yankees without also getting clobbered by them.
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
Just spent 2 and a half hours on the phone with Apple Support. Bless you Darin from Austin Texas.
This could have been Apple s One More Thing slide.
Enjoy Myfunpage with Alter Ego read latest TV NIGHTS comments learn to bake apple pies or to play football
952017758 PM HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at MIKE PADGETT HWY AND APPLE VALLEY DR AUGUSTA GA
Evidence that the Red Sox stole signs vs Yankees and communicated them to the Manager via apple watch.
Albertsons you dropped Apple Pay at my store it was annoying enough you dropped self checkout guess I am out now
Red Sox caught using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees report
Red Sox caught cheating using Apple Watch video  CNET
Apple Worm  Puzzle
crystal tree or apple tree or tree of life or something.
SacralChakra Activation Oranges Carrot Apple Ginger Juice FullMoon VAM mantra Yoga I Feel ASE
I have decided to sue Apple over Mike Assads SWAT I was almost shot and so was an entire mall. uberfeminist timcook 
Heres how Amazons and Apple s new smart speakers stack up with consumers
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees other teams
otr when is imessage gonna get night mode Apple
Deep thoughts from Sophia...Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple  Finding half a worm in your apple . blech
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
Nobody has a problem with LEGAL immigrants Get that through your brainwashed head LEGAL LLLLEEEEEGGGGGAAAAALLLLLLL 
So what
I opened up my new headphones I got with my phone for the first time today and theyre already fucking up.... thanks apple
Abandoned and then adopted by Americans. Also whats your point
theyre currently only available for apple and samsung sadly...
Dear Apple leave my damn phone alone I know iPhone 8 coming out you dont have to make mine act up
Authentic Apple iPAD 32gb A1823 MP1M2LLA Factory Sealed via eBay
Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch
Apple Events app for Apple TV updated ahead of Sept. 12 keynote...
Someone gonna stick an apple in your dick hole
Beats keeps using cables that arent supported by Apple s new computers
FakeNews NYT attack against Red Sox what a shame If they cheat with Apple Watch Why they dont score Run
tip techmeme Think the Apple Watch is a Great Device So does the Boston Red Sox
Thats apple for you
using Apple watches too. Makes it even more slimey
wolfi317 how soon til it back up on Apple Music boss
Factory UNLOCKED Apple iPhone 6 Plus 64GB Ready to Activate
Who threw him away like a piece of garbage.. Good point..
Apple Watch told him to dive.
UNLVRebelMatt why are people talking about an Apple Watch 
what do you use apple cider vinegar for if you dont mind me asking lol.
Finally got Apple music
Honestly I have so much on my plate I can not think of them all A man is a man And he admits when he needs help
sis that is not the same. when i think juice i think like orange or mango or apple . almonds soy rice oats... das milk
Phones been tweakin too much lately. Guess it is about that time to start fuckin ppls shit up since the new one about to drop huh Apple
Latest update from the Red Sox Apple watch 5.5 4.5 3.5 2.5 1.5 Yankees
With my evening coffee I am enjoying some lovely apple breadcake made by Nancy and an equally delicious cinnamon...
Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
I got new wax melts from Bath  Body Works but theyre not the fall scents Ive been wanting. But I got hot cocoa apple pie  cinnamon.
Apple better suck 1200 dicks.
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
Please RT interiordesign decoration architecture home Autumnal apple and almond pudding recipe
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal tech feedly
FT Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
Thats the last time I ever use Apple Maps
How Apple Plans to Change the Way You Use the Next iPhone
Apple Vs. Samsung 3 Things iPhone 8 Must Do To Succeed  Seeking Alpha
It never fails I always shatter my screen right before the new iPhone is released....hurry up Apple
nan
Do u want us to think he broke immigration laws
here you go jess
After Trump administration sunsets DACA Apple CEO Cook vows to work with U.S. Congress to protect Dreamers in
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
Golden Apple
Cool. Ive been wondering what I can do with my Apple Watch besides changing the face and getting news alerts.
An app named I Am Rich was sold on the Apple App Store for 999.99 which was astonishingly bought by eight people.
Ill help 250 out of 80k  Apple employees in US  0.31 Does that impact prices Hint NO dummy
Red Sox caught stealing signs today with Apple Watch. US Soccer looks like garbage but salvages a point in Honduras today.
Apple s Siri saves sick girl from Hurricane Harvey floodwaters 
I use Droids mainly because the Syrian migrant didnt allow me to customize my storage space and replace my battery.
guerinaustin Couldnt see your hands. Are you wearing an Apple watch
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
If you aint cheating you aint trying. Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Tbh I dont fuck with anyone who uses apple maps
LOL Apple Watches will now be used against this shit team forever
Apple  Bacon and Sausage Breakfast Skillet
After I get this Apple ID unlock Im totally done with apple  this is complete bs Apple TimeToSwitch Team Android
Didnt Kodak declare bankruptcy Its not like apple doesnt have access to retirement plan. Pensions are shutting down states.
RedSox are apple watches worth the buy
Beats keeps using cables that arent supported by Apple s new computers
The Red Sox Used Electronic Devices Including Apple Watch to Steal Signs Against Yankees  no honor no character
Apple Watch is key to losing 3 out of 4 to the Yankees.
Now playing brand NEW Ft. Modish Mogu Noor Ali  AJ SmokinAces Prod. By Modish Mogul by Vo Gang We on Google Play  Apple Store
Btw Apple s wired jobbies never fitted well I always hated them. But the AirPods are fab. Maybe its because theres no weight of the cord
Beats keeps using cables that arent supported by Apple s new computers
HYPOCRITES 1. Microsoft Apple  FB AND ALL TECH COMPANIES HAVE LEGIONS OF HIGH PAID  K STREET LOBBYISTS 2...
Apple unveils new Beats Studio3 Wireless headphones...
Best reason Ive heard for owning an Apple Watch is stealing baseball signs RedSox
4 oz steak ear or corn an apple  and a spoon full of porkn beans. I think I did pretty well.
I think I see some Apple watches in the Tigers dugout.
Is Apple deliberately sabotaging old iPhones before a new release
1st day of school  1st day of Whole30  Breakfast today was roasted  panfried russets homemade chicken apple sausage spinach  eggs. 
When we get on out of Creepytown and head over to Sweet Apple Acres
AlienRTs NightRTs CalzhyRTs Music Apple cancels its London music festival
Can u prove your statement. Dreamers r refugees wo a country. We need to deal w the issue but u need to stick w facts. Apple dont care.
Red Sox caught cheating using Apple Watch video  CNET
Found this from a reputable Apple review site. Ive been thinking of getting one for camping because if Im going to damage it thats when.
ourtroubles fml Deciding between a blackberry and an apple . ourtroubles fml
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
IntelSoftware intelnews I would like us coming together and designing towards not only the future though how to secure these inventions.
GatorNationFBPC when we subscribe can we still listen on Apple podcast app Thanks
Cotton ball dipped in apple juice basically.
ouuu you downbad  I let you use my Apple Music and my shit aint even saved 
If Apple  Google and Facebook are fer it Im aginit.
Red Sox caught using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees report
Nice try...wasnt he abandoned and adopted
I just want my ice cream and Apple pie
... apple doesnt care about. They create a narrative to make people feel good. They employ child labor in China. Suicides  22mt at factory
Red Sox said to use Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  CNET
Apple updates Apple TV Events streaming app ahead of iPhone 8 unveiling next week
Boys soccer final Shakopee 1 Apple Valley 1. OT
The truth to whether or not apple cider vinegar aids weight loss
for now ill call it operation apple cinnamon
From Apple to Y Combinatortech sector denounces new Dreamers plan
Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
How an Apple Watch helped the Red Sox cheat say baseball investigators
16 Awesome Apple Recipes and Projects for Fall
how yall think joshuas eye puffed up dat one time apple was onto something no wonder she was mad
No truth to rumor that Patriots gave Apple watches as gifts to Sox players and management
DONT JUDGE THESE ARE STRANGELY VERY GOOD lol APPLE PIE FRIES.. Our famous fries  apples 
Redwristed CHEATERS Boston Red Sox caught redhanded using Apple Watch to steal signs
Apple MQDT2LLA 10.5Inch 64GB WiFi iPad Pro Space Gray by Apple 9 Date first
Someone donate me and extra apple charger
FYI the federal government has the courts on their side. They can bury Microsoft  Apple in legal fees and paperwork.
Apple Wrap with Cheese and Mustard Hummus
Twitter is fucking lit right now thanks to Apple gate. I am alive again
Is teaching stressful Take a look at my pulse record from my Apple Watch and know that school started today  Evidence 70sFor2Months  
250 Apple Employees Among Thousands At Risk From DACA Cancellation
MLB determined Red Sox stole signs from Yankees using Apple Watch. Outrageous
New post MLB Red Sox reportedly used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs  Los Angeles Times
Imagine the influence his adoptive parents had.
bih my dms with apple support goes on for hours hdsjs
Apple beatsbydre wants to charge me 160 to replace my headphones Walmart has them new for 150. I wish Steve was stil alive.
Todays September 5 myBlueJays code is MBJ3575 Brought to you live from Boston by Apple Watch LetsRise 
CEO Tim Cook says he stands by Apple s 250 DACAstatus employees
Well this blew up in your face huh Maybe research a bit before u post. Legal Legal Legal. One more time in all caps LEGAL
Did it come by Apple Watch
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
RT FT Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
U must be joking Are you that ignorant of the WHOLE story or just have a ridiculous narrative to push  thought this would help it
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
WWDC 2017 Highlights WatchOS iOS 11 Apple Pay and more
Did Apple save dirty Sox on the icloud Applegate
Now my toddlers version of SnowWhite  Uh oh Snow White eat apple . Squirrels sad. Hihos sad. Daddy kiss Snow White Snow White wake up
in the 14 I was on my Steven Spielberg I shot so many movies this guy Dre was looking like a young B pumper in the Apple bottom series
wiwwdal ValaAfshar Apple Wow. Just wow....
RT washingtonpost  Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Whats the point of having an Apple Watch if the battery dies before Ive got my activity in for the day There goes my perfect month
Clikia is on iTunes Stream us on Android Iphone Ipad Apple TV Amazon Fire and Roku Just to name a few cutthecord  CLKA 
Donnie nose is immune from his lies or he fried his Jimmy cricket conscience in beer battered apple wood barbecue i
I doubt this had much of an effect on the games. Real question is how much did Apple pay the Red Sox for this
Did you like the apple shape sticker Priyaaaaaaaaaaaa
If you dont like it take all of them to your house. DACA inconstitucional order Obama breaks de law.
FT Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
The Red Sox got caught using Apple watches to steal signs against the Yankees
A Leaked Document Offers Insight Into Apple s iPhone Repair Process  Refinery29
Was stressing about school and I looked down at my Apple Watch to see a picture of river making a dumb ass face in a picture love that boy
I liked a YouTube video
Comment Samsungs easilyfooled facerecognition system shows sense in Apple s best not first approach
Almost every single small medium or large company uses illegal immigrants as labor through direct hire or a contract companyvender
Like if you would try this SugarFree apple pie recipe 
Yeah apple bees isnt my go to but that is honestly pretty good
I love this one. You need to put your sht on Apple Music guy
Apple updates Apple TV Events streaming app ahead of iPhone 8 unveiling next week
The Boston Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal pitching signs
How does it feel to be roasted and totally shut down by JW
Im a Apple lover. Microsoft suxs bad
Lol I posted the Apple Music joint too. Forgot to at you. This hoe jam though.
Apple should come out with a batterysaving scandal mode.
Apple Intel Google Microsoftpve to Canada we welcome diversity
To Secure National Security immediately and then step forward through time All I See is leaving this nation high and dry without cover
I got a pub sub and some apple juice so Id say Im definitely ready for this hurricane
Lol riiiiiiiight.....and the Red Sox didnt use Apple watches to cheat. Tell us another one
Did Apple save dirty Sox on the iCloud Applegate
Dumb John Farrells going old school now that MLB has banned Apple watches in the dugout 
I liked a YouTube video
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Apple watch told him when to dive.
is there a limit with Apple Pay Ive paid for a weekly grocery shop on Aldi using it I think its down to the retailer.
APPLE CIDER IS SOME GOOD SHIT
Im sad that Apple Music Festival has died the live streams banged.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees via NYTimes
Im reading Red Sox are being accused of stealing signals from Yankees for using Apple Watch. Wait what
Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays Barclays analyst Mark ...
Mobimark Labs Specializing in Apple Carplay Acoustics Certification testing Tue Sep 5 165532 2017
Red Sox caught using an Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal 
At the education summit for company I would say 70 of the executives for 70 of their presentations would talk about how to beat Apple .
Apple Watches win MLB World Series WinDanceRepeat
Simple steps for Sucess BigData IoT IIoT Projects Products
...who ruthlessly abandoned him and his mother. Fortunately the Muslim Syrian immigrants rejected infant was adopted by Paul and Clara Jobs
Ohh no wonder my phones been acting up lately that new iPhone 8 is coming out soonyou aint low apple Im still Coppin lol
But I guess you were able to meet the Adams Apple diversity quotient to get into Cornell.
If I had an Apple Watch Id use it to cheat against The Yankees too.
You were stealing our signs with an apple watch and you still couldnt beat us lmao sorrey RedSoxsblow
When is Apple s September 2017 event Latest rumours of iPhone 8 iOS 11 and Apple Watch 3 announcements ah...
7 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple iPhoneiPodiPad
Pumpkin Spice is way better than apple cider
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
ExerciseAtHome GBSELL UltraSlim Electroplate PC Hard Case Cover For Apple Watch Series 2 38mm affiliate
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
iRobot by Apple MakeClassicNovelsModern
Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
Apple IPhone 6s Plus  16GB  Space Gray Factory Unlocked Smartphone Price 99.00 ...
Tech Apple released a 350 pair of noisecancelling Beats headphones AAPL
Hi all Red Sox caught using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees
AAA buYING AN APPLE GIFT CARD ToMMOROW SO I CAN BUYS IT
Apple Events app for Apple TV updated ahead of Sept. 12 keynote
So you need to pay for them college because right now the taxpayers do. We paid for medical issues also food stamps
3 iPhone 7S 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass amFilm iPhone 7S 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone
Netflixhelps I keep getting error code 10002 but when I look on your site there isnt one for that. Using an Apple TV.
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
3 iPhone 7S 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass amFilm iPhone 7S 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone
how do yall have serendipity on apple music bc i cant find it
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Apple sucks ass All they do is try to sell me more cloud space even though Ive never downloaded a single new thing since getting this POS
Apple s borrowing binge is great for shareholders but what about bond investors
idk if it was the redds apple ale the corona the margarita or the malibu ii had last night thats got me messed up today
Red Sox reportedly used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signals
SEAGULL SUMMER is FREE for your Apple device
iPhone 15 Apple have removed the phone
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
How about that.
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
3 iPhone 7S 7 6S 6 Screen Protector Glass amFilm iPhone 7S 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone
spent my first day of summer break wiping my phone clean at the Apple Store
I like how All Might is the group dad like If you kids are good Ill get you two hot apple pies for 1.
Apple what do u pay DACA workers with no insurance benefits Much less than the rest. Slave labor force. U are slave masters.
Apple Events App on Apple TV Updated Ahead of Sept. 12 Keynote
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
The Red Delicious apple is right up there with Microsoft Works on the list of actively false product names.
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Why is it Boston is always caught cheating Deflate gate spy gate now Apple watch gate Whats next find out Celtics hypnotized kyrie
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
MLB Red Sox stole signs from Yankees using Apple Watch
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree Pope Francis Catholics
Heres The Email Apple CEO Tim Cook Just Sent About Hurricane Harvey  Apple CEO Tim
The new Apple pie ones are to die for... Cant forget the pumpkin spice ones either.
TuesdayThoughts An Apple A Day Keeps Anyone Away Funny TShirt
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays
...who ruthlessly abandoned him and his mother. Fortunately the Muslim Syrian immigrants rejected infant was adopted by Paul and Clara Jobs
Its not spying Its not stealing if someone has a Apple Watch..you cover your mouth you improve signs You do the Macarena if need be
Way more common in baseball. Just idiotic and scummy of the Sox to use Apple watches
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
They do have apple and it works...
Maybe JBJ got a notification on his Apple Watch and was trying to check it before the pitch. redsox
Ryan is a smelly bad apple . RepFrenchHill if the House keeps him you all are at risk.
Im just glad someone finally found a use for the Apple Watch.
Reportedly New England Patriots Quarterback Tom Brady has told assistants to get on this Apple Watch thing..
Apple Cider Vinegar Benefits Your Body unlike any other drink in the world  A Must Watch
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
hot apple cider
This whole Apple gate is providing some amazing entertainment at least
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
As you read this on your iPhone remember that the founder of Apple was son of a Legal Syrian Immigrant fixed it for you. Youre welcome 
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Apple Music Tidal Spotify iTunes are all still reasonably difficult to upload to. Indie artists usually need a third party to gain access
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
See  Apple Watch  Boston Red Sux for the answer.
Apple cider v is good and you can also put it directly on the kitty too
I thought you said all the Apple Watch jokes were done
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Carmel green apple  banana pina colada w cream watermelon pineapple peach strawberry watermelon. Ya girls favs
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
Lol very. Im all for sending signs from the outfield or bullpen whatever but using Apple to cheat in a baseball game low.
So whats your point A lot of us were.
Work for Apple from where you live. Get experience while youre still in school.
in desperate need of apple cider
I honestly want to know how on earth this worked Nothing this impressive happens on my apple watch.
2 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters White
REPORT Red Sox caught cheating by using Apple watch
I got my first 860 with my PS4 a flash drive apple ear buds and movie maker
 Apple Watch This is even more disturbing than the time Cecil Fielder was caught stealing fans concession orders through his fitbit
Yikes. Im moving on Mr. Apple Store
SNKRestock Coming 3 CLICK RESTOCKS 1. Click the ATC link 2. Click Apple Pay 3. Scan fingerprint Only 10mo 
Top story LOTTO  The 3rd Album Repackage by EXO on Apple Music
Na Ill boycott Apple Google and Facebook
And apparently the Apple Watch is key to the Red Sox lineup. PAT
BOVINE SCACTOLOGY Youre a liar Apple You just need cheap labor like your operations in China 1.00 per day seanhannity LouDobbs
Seeking Outstanding Apple Tech Atlanta Atlanta Jobs
Someone finally found a good use for the Apple Watch.
Welcome back to the big apple JKerley11
Apple Numbers 4.1 Cracked Serial For Mac OS Sierra Free Download
 AMZN Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays Now on
Now playing Im a player by Zetman We on Google Play  Apple Store
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 2.7 Ghz Quad Core i5 CPU 8GB RAM 1TB HDD NVIDIA 640M OS S
Not just any electronic devices Apple watches. Too funny for words. So pathetically baseball geeky.
Yeah well you dont have an awesome apple product
Can Apple Watch hit Severinos fast ball Whats Siris batting average
Encabezado de hoy Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yan
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Candy Apple Red or Gloss Black or even Gloss Blue are more my FAVORITE colors for cars
In 1951 the New York Giants stole signs with a telescope. In 2017 the RedSox used replay video  an Apple Watch.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Att web page is down and not working. Tried 3 different devices Android Apple and edge non of these devices can load the art web page
washingtonpost Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Next update Imma need emojis wit textured hair Apple
If youre still waiting for Apple s Airpods these earbuds may be your next best option
Must be charging the Apple Watch
If youre still waiting for Apple s Airpods these earbuds may be your next best option
The Red Sox  Apple products a perfect match of two horrendous establishments.
Mojang Minecraft how do I get help with your Apple TV app Spending hrs in game to loose access doesnt inspire in app purchase decisions
Steve Jobs had nothing to do with his father and wouldnt take kindly to the fact youre using his life to score political points. Stop
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
If youre thinking of getting Apple Music DONT. Shit is so wack. Worst recommendations and doesnt even have szas 1st album
https goo.glNhFUWf Amber Alert Irma Labor Day USAvHON Episode IX Apple Watch MakeClassicNovelsModern Sanaa Lathan Sloane St 45
Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Yankee SignsReport digitalmarketing news today
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Yankee SignsReport digitalmarketing news today
Top story in questo momento Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs A
Love watching Warren Buffett interviews. Hes the single largest shareholder in Apple Wells Fargo Bank of America  owns Geico. Inspiration.
Apple
Yankees were tipped off when they noticed someone actually wearing an Apple Watch RedSox
Apple leaks the design of the next iPhone . LinkSource TechieTuesday
WHAT DID YOUR UPDATE DO TO MY BATTERY LIFE . Apple
Leaked Apple warranty guide shows what it will and wont repair
As for the fire comment Samsung had phones burning a yar or two ago.
Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Yankee SignsReport digitalmarketing news today
Mine did this n I took it to the Apple Store and told them and they just gave me a new one
Heres The Email Apple CEO Tim Cook Just Sent About Hurricane Harvey
out of the hundreds of songs i have on fucking apple music they fucking shuffle only fucking la dispute and ducking marinadiamonds
Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the effects of Hurricane Harvey in an email to employees on Wednesday afternoon and...
Red Sox Apple watches are downstairs Pats Yeah so Red Sox You can get a competive edge with them Pats 
Stealing from Apple  I am going to be having groups of 4 interviews for interns. I am blown away by the Bachelor  Master level applicants.
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
Yeah the Fiendish Five  Apple  Microsoft Google Facebook and Amazon definitely dont have the public interest at heart. ANTIRUST ACT
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
My girl cardi b is staying 1 on apple music.. forever
Douchebags  Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watch to Illicitly Steal Hand Signals From Opposing Teams
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times  
As A formal Statement I would like us all on the same design What are we trying to accomplish Back in my day we needed . . .
Apple Sun Towers
NESN Was that an Apple watch TC was wearing out in the Monster
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
From apple  Ive had a good experience until i dropped it...
Red Sox said to use Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  CNET Boston reportedly says
Apple Updates Apple TV Events App Ahead of Next Weeks Keynote
Your name scared the crap out of me
Apple reportedly ordering 12MP camera modules for 2018 iPhones
Tim Cook says Apple will work with Congress to protect Dreamers as Trump rolls back DACA
If youre still waiting for Apple s Airpods these earbuds may be your next best option
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
Oh boy... Boston Red Sox used apple watches to steal signs against Yankees
Cmon Red Sox. not mad they cheated. Just that Apple products are the worst.
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Agains
He was here legally before his dad abandoned he and his mom here
RT Show Champion lineup B.A.P HyunA Sunmi VIXX LR 10cm Samuel PRISTIN VICTON Weki Meki MOMOLAND Dreamcatcher MiSO IZ Apple .B GOOD DAY etc
You know when you make eye contact with someone at an awkward time Just did that with a man who was VERY intensely biting into his apple
StaFe SantaFe trinan Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Agains
Bastex Apple iPhone 7 Case Soft Slim Fit Flexible Clear Rubber Cover
accesstojustice NEWTop story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs 
the apple of my eye 
Apple s Secret Exercise Lab Is Your Dream Gym  Fortune
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
apple your programming priorities need straightening. 
chug a gallon of apple juice
Cover Story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
I had an android phone years ago all kinds of problems GPS etc need that to work right as I have medical issues...
Break News Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Heres how Apple decides if you deserve a free iPhone repair or replacement
Need that Im Good reupload on Apple Music amirobe
How To Get Free Podcast Listeners From Apple  Other Media Giants An interview with Daniel J Lewis
I really want an Apple Watch.
Either broken or not functioning anymore bc apple keeps launching ios and new iphones lol
Please RT beauty makeup skincare 8 Ways To Use Apple Cider Vinegar For Hair
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Interestingly enough Boston is the Apple watch of cities Its small expensive looksis dumb idiots love it etc
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
ugh when andriod wants to get on team Apple
Scotch tape over crack until you can get it replaced. Pro tip from an Apple Genius.
I will probably change out my next phone and computer to nonApple product Your hired people ILLEGALLY in America for Apple gain. Pathetic
In evidenza Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
JBJ forgot his apple watch.
Comparisons of the two companies Apple and Android which do you belong to
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Apple gets it.
If only Apple could do the same wnew iPhones as their supply chain is notoriously inadequate taking unreasonably long to deliver product
I think Apple s way of predicting the weather is by calling it as it happens
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Log into the website Bcz the memory at zero and the phone aint getting passed the apple logo.
Chicago Black Sox 1919. Boston Black Sox 2017 Caught cheating by using an Apple Watch to signal the next pitch to the batter. RedSox
Dont forget your Apple watch
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
The Boston Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal pitching signs
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
taking away from the natural apple sweetness.
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Noticia de portada Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Ya
Link in bio. apps tech startup apple android iphone app google socialmedia mobile marketing music ipad mac entrepreneur ios 
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Finally found a dentist that will take Apple Health for adults such a relief. Can finally go get an exam and some work done.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
Apparently Belicheck  Brady are bad influences Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
sos my mom is still singing pen pineapple apple pen
Sunday foraging and apple picking with PiedmontPicnic and SteelStringBrew 
I liked a YouTube video
welcome to the apple watch gang 
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Thanks but no thanks Apple
Off the top Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
had to be apple
I liked a YouTube video
This is risky because debtor could default Whats worst is Apple pays others a higher rate than what they get from their cash. Losing 
Really Apple 
Apple Seeds tvOS 11 Beta 10 to Developers
About to start downloading these albums off Apple music for offline use.
Old people think an Apple watch is James Bond shit. Thats why this is news.
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple dedicates iTunes Store Movies and TV Shows pages to International..
FT Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
NowPlaying AYO TEO  ROLEX Main Version on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Smart bWatchb amp For iPhone StandCharge Stand Cradle Holder for Apple bwatchb 3842mmCharging...
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees via NYTimes
They must go we cant have people here living off us they had more than Apple time to do that laziness take advantage of us
Apple updates Apple TV Events streaming app ahead of iPhone 8 unveiling next week
Want me to jackass your apple ID HAHAHAHAHA
Its a shame garthbrooks doesnt release his music to Apple Music because I have a killer 90s country playlist but no Garth
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
Red Sox said to use Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  CNET
Thanks sis apple morning ALDUBMissKita
No rule against stealing signs by watching. There are rules against using something like say an Apple Watch to steal signs.
Apple s Next iPhone Is Already Facing a Stronger Field From Samsung LG and Sony
How an Apple Watch helped the Red Sox cheat say baseball investigators
Cheaters  Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
USArmy USMC USNavy USCG usairforce SecretService POTUS DARPA Nasa NASAJohnson Almost Done Piper jpg.
Beba I got an email from apple saying that my password was changed. Is this a scam Me no Beba. We changed your password on Sunday.
This team w RISP  Putrid. Apple Watch or no Apple Watch...Brutal.
Apple and Huawei push into Europe after filings
Please be sure to check out my new song FADE AWAY Ft Big Billz on Apple Music
I have both white and apple cider
Anyone trying to go half on Apple Music
I wonder if  Apple Watch was used by Tennessee Vols to steal the win from GA Tech NAH LOL they didnt need it
Apple s Secret Exercise Lab Is Your Dream Gym
Bro idk how can you possibly steal sign from an Apple Watch
Awwww miss you alichea apple 
If you can use contactless payments try it out I loved using Android Pay on the S5 and now love Apple Pay with the 7 Plus Fun and simple
Apple will tap the debt market yet again  and this deal will include a 30year bond
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees 
I should put this diluted apple cider vinegar in a wine glass so I really feel like Im doing something.
I googled the Apple logo. It is said the bite is there to distinguish it from a cherry. Yeah sherrrrr.
If I dont find some apple cider Im going to flip
For the BENEFIT of USA  it would be BETTER to Boycott Apple  Google Facebook since the CEOs are MAJOR Democrats .
Were embracing FallFever with new Dessert Specials. Enjoy our Pumpkin Pie Shake  Apple Crumb Pie both bursting with fall flavors Yum 
What it was like giving an app demo for Apple CEO Tim Cook
No you are deeply mistaken. The Red Sox used The Big Apple Watch to steal Yankee signs. The regular Apple Watch is for other teams
Beats keeps using cables that arent supported by Apple s new computers
Essential wants to become a topthree smartphone player right up there with Apple and Samsung
lol Im sure apple inc. will be ecstatic when they read I sleep with my cousin when Im not high on meth on trumpeters resumes
one of the Yankees YES cameras picked up a guy in the Red Sox dugout with an Apple Watch on. Turns out he was sending pitches to hitters
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
My Apple watch just told me the bases will be loaded in a sec
Using a TV camera to steal signs  using an apple watch to steal signs... were not so different you and i 
The Boston Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal pitching signs
hey Apple  why when I search Venus Williams in the GIF keyboard do basically only GIFs of Serena Williams show up 
I spent 1 hour and 19 minutes working out with Apple Health. 603 calories burned. LoseIt
The Boston Red Sox used Apple Watches to cheat against the Yankees report says
If Apple Corp. is so worried about losing 250 of the ill legal employees with all their money how came they have not ponied up to help them
For the BENEFIT of USA  it would be BETTER to Boycott Apple  Google Facebook since the CEOs are MAJOR Democrats .
Apple stock could fall 10 after iPhone launch top Apple watcher Gene Munster says
Spygate baseball style Red Sox reportedly caught using Apple Watch to steal signs
Apple watches LoL
Come on Jackie look at the Apple Watch. No guessing. RedSox
Thats ok every family has a bad apple in their tree. 
Updated github AMD Radeon code AtomEditor nvidia firefox FirefoxDevTools NVIDIAGeForce Apple iOS MacOS stuff yesterday curl
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees SportsTech  troyruediger
Apple did that with the Lisa and learned a hard lesson. Did they retreat Fuck no they invented the Macintosh 19
Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal catchers hand signs
Tap int tha apple watch and prove it
One week until Apple disappoints people for not having features that were rumored but never had substantial evidence.
Apple Shows off the Magic of the AirPods in New TV Spot
Do I want an Apple Watch or do I want a tattoo
For the BENEFIT of USA  it would be BETTER to Boycott Apple  Google Facebook since the CEOs are MAJOR Democrats .
They sure do. Google facebook Apple Walmart McDonalds  EveryYardCompanyInTheWorld
apron apple blossoms to apple s handmade
Bob Jovi apple juice and sweet feet 
Cheating should come w stiff penalty Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  NYTimes
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
RichMegastore RT CruzaderGal  JohnMann44 UrBeautyByCarol ValaAfshar Apple Ive used Samsung for 10 years. No fire here
Apple s Sept. 12 event What to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more
Oh the joy of new Apple TV screensavers
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch  BBC News
No word on Apple watches
iPhone 4  What Will Apple s New iPhone Be Called We Rounded Up the Possible Names  TIME
My dog ate my Apple Watch Apple can you help me
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
Apple Music finally has it 
Now playing Vula by AgeeThesheperd We on Google Play  Apple Store
New on Ebay USA iWatch Metal Case Band Apple Watch Protective Shock Bumper 38mm 42mm Series 1 2
Okay.. but does this excuse relaying signals with an Apple Watch Just seems like ur grasping at straws to distract from serious cheating.
New on Ebay USA iWatch Metal Case Band Apple Watch Protective Shock Bumper 38mm 42mm Series 1 2
can someone Photoshop these guys with Red Sox and Yankee logos and Apple watches 
Theres a free apple pie in the bag for your wait
Apple Jack And Peel Soap Handmade Soap Cold Process Soap Handcr
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
New on Ebay USA APPLE IWATCH SERIES 1 PINK ROSE GOLD 38MM WATCH
New on Ebay USA Apple Watch iWatch 42mm Stainless Steel Case with Black Band
I forgot how much I loved apple jacks
Apple and sage scones. sauteed green beans with toasted almonds and Burbur spice an amazing thai spice.
Gala the reliably inoffensive apple .
Big so to my brother for begging me to get us Apple Music  getting me hooked just to switch to android a month later
The real news is somebody found the Apple Watch useful.
thats the only reason I hate the 7 apple doing too much
The Boston Red Sox wire tapped the Yankees using an Apple Watch to capture signs without the Yankees knowledge.
apple .b yay 
weekly i will eat a pepper like an apple if not stopped
Apple dont fall from the tree Kim Kardashian is like Kris Jenner ..u want ya daughter to be sucessful better than u but Kim horrible
Ive used Samsung for 10 years. No fire here
He also spawned a rotten apple .
LOLLLLLL RT nytimes Exclusive The Red Sox were caught using an Apple Watch to steal signals from the Yankees
Fav how am I gonna do that
Apple s and oranges. Nice try though.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
sponsored by Apple
Apple Worldwide Developers Conference
Tim Cook on fire as well. Apple will pay legal defense.
Apple Updates Apple TV Events App Ahead of Next Weeks Keynote
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
New survey claims the iPhone 8 could be Apple s biggest flop in years
Apple s Secret Exercise Lab Is Your Dream Gym  Fortune
Last iPhone I had was iPhone4. My birthday today GMT. Apple you guys gonna hook me up with your latest next week Cc AppleSupport
Patriots Deflategate Red Sox Apple Watchgate Bruins Trading elite goalscoring talent that arent even in their prime yetgates plural
Apple watches
Think how much more technology we would have if trillions of our wealth wasnt stolen by illegals and the millions of aborted lived
just want somebody to love me the way that one guy loves his apple juice
IBMWatson IBM Azure Microsoft lenovo googlecloud Google Apple AppleSupport Im not done Piper jpg.
people have been listening to my album on Apple Music and Spotify more than soundcloud thank you loves
Beats Studio3 Bluetooth Apple W1 Chip Headphones
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
I hate otterboxes.I have one on my iPhone which is why I want a phone that isnt made to crack like apple .Sounds fun turning trump to cartoon
slide over to Apple Music  Spotify and type in Chase N. Cashe you can hear it all right now.
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
My father immigrated legally too. Not like a border jumpers protected by an executive order.
The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees
How an Apple Watch helped the Red Sox cheat say baseball investigators
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
The headlines should be Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch and stop there.
It actually looks like the style of my dear friend who really deserves an iPad Pro and Apple Pencil 
 AAPL  AMZN  CMCSA  GOOGL  Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
On the plus side someone finally found a use case for the Apple Watch
come to my work we make the best Carmel apple spice juice
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
RedHot News Apple Watch is trending on web source
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Apple s Longstanding Music Festival Wont Get an Encore  Fortune
For Sale 700 Authentic Apple MacBook Pro Pro Air 2017 latest
Jobs was more of the marketing brains Steve Wozniak was the brains behind the the electronics.
Show Champion lineup B.A.P HyunA Sunmi VIXX LR 10cm Samuel PRISTIN VICTON Weki Meki MOMOLAND Dreamcatcher MiSO IZ Apple .B GOOD DAY etc
8 G.SYNC iPhone Charger 2 PACK 3.3 FT Apple certified Lightning to USB Cable Fast Charge Sync
Not just an apple a day Foodforeyes BayneOptical DrMikeLowe888 313.885.5400
apple spice and pumpkin spice donuts are seriously my shit
How Apple s iPhone has improved since its 2007 debut
The Red Sox cheated by using an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees
Why is an orange called an orange but an apple isnt called a red.
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
How does Apple feels abt this Red Sox thing cant wait for them to comment like I would very much like to be excluded from this narrative
AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  6 Feet 1.8 Meters w
The Best Apple Watch Screen Protectors That Save You Hundreds Of Dollars 
Bro I swear Walmart is the biggest lie on the website it says apple earphones are 6.98 but when I go to the store I pay 30.74 Walmart
Whats next Apple Pie linked to pedophilia Seriously Statue of Liberty is a Liar President is a FraudAG is a klansman. CheatsinBASEBALL
Lol Rolex gets you a 50100 discount and all yall are gonna use an Apple Watch Daytona
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees via rDailyTechNewsShow
The LowCalorie Apple Cider Vinegar Drink You Need to Try
I WAS TOLD BY APPLE CARE
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
That fact that Apple thought is was okay to make a phone where I couldnt listen to my music and charge it simultaneously is outrageous
Lol at Boston using an Apple Watch. Still not as Lolz as the time I went to a Mets game and the opposing pitcher hit a grand slam.
one apple a day keeps the doctor away. one boker in the morning keeps the bad mood away seharian. amin
Apple when are you releasing this emoji     so I download the update
I dont like it. It just affirms Apple is reading all my texts and secretly judging me.
Case of Comsi Comsa  Apple Sparkling Wine bar drunk drink drinks dranks bender shots 
Lets start with 250 Deamers Apple has employed.
Why use an Android device when an Apple product does a much better job right HockettKori 
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
Can we all take a moment to remember when Mcdonalds gave you caramel dip with your apple slices
If u aint cheating u aint tryin  Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Like swallows to Capistrano NYTimes Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
mrw people start bringing up apple watchspygate memes 
Lmfaooo gotta love the big apple
Red Sox busted using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees NYT
Louis Vuitton EyeTrunk Apple Iphone Case
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
I did it for him via the words of RealJamesWoods . I hate liars like Vala smug fuqs.
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
Someone with Apple Music send me a playlist
SCENECard is the coupon app only for apple phones
Amazing Facts about Apples An Apple a day keeps the doctor away. I buy Apples every week my kids love them an
Why do u assume they live on the dole Most are hard working and lots do jobs most us citizens wont do
Worry about your team bud an Apple Watch and 3 games out of 160 is terrible Ik
Dessert Time Recipes 
APPLE admits over 200 dreamers whats the penalty DOJ just increased PENALTY for hiring illegalsFINE THEM NOW...
Okay something is wrong with apple music app cause dreaming and oh hey youmisunderstanding are playing the exact same song
On tonights menu...baked stuffed pork chops with apple onion stuffing and roasted rosemary
Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays
10 minutes ago the chance of rain said 2. It started pouring outside and that shit changed to 70. LOL Yall aint shit Apple .
I believe Apple planted this story a week out from the event
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
Is Apple deliberately sabotaging old iPhones before a new release
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal 
There once was a girl Named Apple  Nvm I cant do anything cri Puppy.. 
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees via NYTimes
thesunatmidnight2 Forcing assimilation as American as apple pie.
Red Sox reportedly used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signals
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
A new chapter in Apple s device proliferation  Wearables  messages sent nearly instantaneously change the game
billburr Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
Facial recognition on the Apple iPhone 8 will work better than any Android phone Just saying
TomCaron you arent wearing an apple watch back there are you
I want a Carmel Apple NOW
Report RedSox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees  signs
ScottRintoul you can use an Apple Watch to steal signsmy wife just bought me one and all I thought I was good for was the dominos app
What is in your band material that causes this It was totally healed when wearing apple  it returned immediately when I put this on.
Aaaaand this is when I leave Apple .
The Best Apple Watch Charging Docks For Charging and Showcasing Your Gadget 
The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees
From Apple to Y Combinatortech sector denounces new Dreamers plan
Judge Lucy Koh orders Apple to apologize and hand deliver 215 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatches to every member of the Red Sox organization.
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
It looks like Sept. 12 is the big day as Apple is going to be revealing three new models to the lineup iPhone7S iPhone7SPlus iPhone8
Jobs was also born in San Francisco
So 9 per apple is the price for your childs birthright ThanksDad
To buy an Apple Watch
The Red Sox got caught using Apple Watches to steal signs  Guess its a Boston thing. MLB NFL
From Apple to Y Combinatortech sector denounces new Dreamers plan
If true absolutely no excuse. Pathetic even in a sport where cheating is ok if dont get caught. At least found a use for Apple Watch.
Apple MacBook Pro MC724LLA 13.3 2.7GHz Intel Core i7 4GB 500GB  Early 2011
Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Cheaters Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
He was probably LEGAL...
apple once had a feature that let you set a monthly allowance to app store purchases not sure why they got rid of it
One of exceedingly few viable use cases for Apple Watch
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
Apple  Microsoft vow to shield DACA employees urge new law over tax reform
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
RT TechREDEF Why I owned a Macbook Pro for a day  and what it says to me about the future of Apple johnrisby 
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
google Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Fred Trump Donnys dad was KKK Fact The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree Conjecture Is the son guilty of the sins of the father Maybe
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
safalweb Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
The Boston Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal pitching signs
Red Sox use Apple Watch to steal signs against Yankees Jim DalrympleThe Loop
Red Sox said to use Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  CNET
Boston Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal pitching signs in games against Yankees AppleInsider
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watch to Illicitly Steal Hand Signals From Opposing Teams Juli CloverMacRumors
Apple runs fresh 5B bond sale to support capital return program AppleInsider
Told you Apple was evil. Look at that logo. A clear reference to Eve at the garden.
Red Sox busted using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees NYT CNBC Top News
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Just realized I can download and listen to stand up through Apple Music..... my life is forever changed
The Best Apple Crumb Pie Ever
Apple Watch Cheaters
BRUH  Apple is so wrong for not giving us 7 owners wireless headphones. I aint even want them at first but gahdamn this is a struggle
An apple a day keeps anyone away if you throw it hard enough
Ive now gotten most everything to work with the new 2FA settings from Apple  with one exception logins to AppleTV doesnt work anymore
. apple has also spoken out like jpmorgan WellsFargo Other corps
When I was at game I was getting interference on my Apple Watch. It kept saying Low  away up  in change up and I was so confused
Actually Im seeing apple watches all over the place .. the snark should end
No we barely even watch tv I just pay for internet I usually watch netflix or I buy movies on our Apple TV lol
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon Says Barclays  Barrons  Tech Trader Daily   AAPL  AMZN  GOOGL
Hes an apple pie 
MacBook Repair Lndn iSpy Red Sox caught using Apple Watches in scheme to steal signs from Yankees
First 1000 cheaters into Fenway tonight received Apple Watches RedSox
Bogaerts didnt strike out on a ball in the dirt someone check the RedSox dugout for more Apple Watches
Apples donuts and cherry apple cider from countylnorchard County Line Orchard
Download beta iOS 11 from Apple website
apple is best
Apple iPad 16GB A1219 for 0.99 with 9d 23h via eBay
Apple admits over 200 illegals isnt that a SERIOUS FINE of millions Says here DOJ just increased PENALTY...
MacRumors Mobile  Apple  Mac iOS News and Rumors
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in Black MC769LLA A1395 Fully Functional Very Nice for 89.99 with 29d 17h via eBay
My Montessori kid is on class snack prep duty for tomorrow. Strawberry and banana muffins with apple slices... done completely alone 
Are you trying to say all Syrian immigrants abandon their children Why you xenophobe
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs  The Boston Red Sox have reportedly admitted to Major...
Red Sox stole signs from Yankees others using Apple Watch  MLB has determined that the Boston Red Sox stole s...
RobkNews Update  Red Sox Used APPLE Watch to Steal Signs Against Yankees...
daringfireball Any thoughts on the odds Apple is developing hardware for mesh networking
Apple s Secret Exercise Lab Is Your Dream Gym  Fortune
Apple updates Apple TV Events streaming app ahead of iPhone 8 unveiling next week
Apple compatible Thunderbolt drive cases for Mac 
London Mac Repair Apple Updates Apple TV Events App Ahead of Next Weeks Keynote
Hot Fireball Apple Cider scheduled via
Im never overly concerned w rookie defensive players unless your a joey bosa type player. Rookies make mistakes. Just like apple
Thats coming from an Apple fanboi
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
From Apple to Y Combinatortech sector denounces new Dreamers plan
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
Apple  Microsoft vow to shield DACA employees urge new law over tax reform
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
Apple autocorrect doesnt recognize guillotine bc they know where theyre headed.
The Apple does not fall far from the tree. Hahaha.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Apple iPhone 8 release date announced as Samsung reveals ANOTHER cheeky Galaxy S8 deal
Apple  Microsoft vow to shield DACA employees urge new law over tax reform
Apple s Secret Exercise Lab Is Your Dream Gym  Fortune
If they were brought here as illegal little or no options. Many were so young they didnt even know they were illegal.
Cant wait for Apple reveal next week...I need to be able to trade in my series 2 Apple watch for the new one...
Free marketing for apple thanks RedSox AppleWatch mlb
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
apple Apple iPhone 6 FACTORY UNLOCKED 16GB 64GB 128GB All Colors
well I guess the apple watch isnt useless after all
Red Sox reportedly found guilty of using Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
I spent 12 minutes working out with Apple Health. 120 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 40 minutes working out with Apple Health. 223 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 25 minutes working out with Apple Health. 268 calories burned. LoseIt
Foul Bostons baseball team allegedly used an Apple Watch to tell the batter what ball he was about to receive
HOLY FUCK SOMEONE FOUND AN ACTUAL USE FOR AN APPLE WATCH
Apple s New Campus An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership  WIRED
Apple Cider Bread with Currants and a Crapload of Melty Butter
First the Patriots with Deflategate now the Red Sox with Apple gate... Boston tries to win...ganstastyle. Next up Celtics and Bruins.
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
Apple s New Headquarters Is a Sign of Techs Boom Bravado  Fox Business
Annual tweet Nikki made apple crisp fall is here.
Ningbo China Apple store at Tianyi Square opens Sept. 16 in time for iPhone 8 release  AppleInsider
FuelRewards did you guess add Android Samsung  Apple Pay capabilities yet
Make sure its an apple cable then on mac while in QuickTime select file  new movie  then click on your phone from source
Apple schedules iPhone 8 event for September 12 via VentureBeat
Did his Apple watch buzz before the hit
My Apple crumble x
I had same issue with charge and flex. Thats why I switched to apple . I soak and wash and wear loosely. Did not have any rash with apple .
its just another smartphone boi
You mean like high paying jobs at Apple 
Im 23 is that a kid But yes Fiona Apple is awesome
Apple picking season is here
Buy  APPL somebody finally found a use for Apple Watch
Mr. And Mrs. Smith Apple pie SpyMovieFoods
Microsoft Apple Executives Among Business Leaders Who Oppose DACA Cancellation  The TwoWay  NPR
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal 
How the hell the Red Sox get caught cheating on a Apple Watch that should be the perfect device to not get caught on
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation by Klint Finley via Feed All Latest
Was he an illegal Syrian immigrant DACA words matter
Are the phone cases only Apple  Or is there support for Motorola Droid
The full cast of characters is here from torqenergy come in and get acquainted with Apple 
Red Sox should 100 give away 100 free apple watches next game and have everyone who wins be right behind the dugout. Troll everyone
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
If Apple really gets rid of the TouchID on the home button on the iPhone 8 and puts facial scanner thatll be lit
Apple stock could fall 10 after iPhone launch top Apple watcher Gene Munster says
losers cheat to win. Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Remember This From 08102017  Apple Postpones iPhone 8 September Launch  AAPL
Is that the Apple iphone that blew up and killed 67 passengers on an Air Egypt flight
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Report Sox stole Yankees signs using Apple Watch  Newsday
Xavier baseball needs some apple watches
Apple Sell 5b of Debt Fund Share Buybacks  Dividends Prior To iPhone Launch
I need this on Apple Music like asap
You tell them Rap. Thank god for the Apple Watch. No wonder why their in first place. That means they will get eliminated in early October.
You can get the PDF on apple books
my baby angel honey cakes cinnamon apple sweetie pie sugar buns fluffy boy
MY PHONE DIES FAST bye Apple ..yall always behind. Im gone get that new iPhone though
off to apple to fix this shit tomorrow...
Babe and I watching scary movies on Netflix with the window open and pumpkin apple candles lit.
Lawd yes
Ive been apple Ive been ready
Stealing signs in the MLB has been around forever. Yankees are just sad the Red Sox found a loophole with the Apple Watch first. Fake news.
ta muchly I dont see Apple Tree Yard Maigret or Delicious on the list
Honestly can Apple send my phone out already
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees
Red Sox said to use Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  CNET
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
Apple Watch StandBAVIER Bamboo Wood Charge DockCharge Dock HolderBamboo...
https goo.glcEHdj7 DACA Irma MissionFire South Florida USAvHON Episode IX Apple Watch MakeClassicNovelsModern Sanaa Lathan 27
Overnight Tech Silicon Valley blasts Trump DACA decision  Zuckerberg calls it sad day for country  Apple s
Time to get some rest in Appointments for this week are done Next week is Jacobs dental appointment with Apple ...
Moleskines next paper planner will automatically sync with Google Calendar and Apple s iCal
Report Red Sox stole signs with Apple Watch
Im hella craving a caramel apple
They used an Apple Watch to make sure it was starting on time.
Maybe your kids dont meet the qualifications to work at Apple . 
The apple does not fall far from the tree.
is it on apple music or
Apple guidelines to design a good AR app
Is my Apple Music the only one messing up
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Display Release on apple CAST
Yeah I dont think timing was right I him to use excuse that he was trying to confuse DBacks in case they had an Apple watch on his signs.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
The technology sure has changed since Spygate . Big difference between an Apple watch and one of those big old video cameras. redsox
Once Panda went to SF the Red Sox had to switch over to the Apple Watch cause pictures didnt work any more RedSox 
Apple or Microsoft or android
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Three important lessons he never learned you dont mess with 1Momma 2 Apple pie or 3 Foot Ball. He picked the wrong venue for his revolt
Im thinking the Apple doesnt fall too far from the Huckabee tree
Liberal Tim Cook spewing his leftist agenda I boycotted Apple a long time ago
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Looks like that Apple Watch didnt do much.
Apple s China VPN Crackdown Is Just the Latest in a Long Line of Companies Caving
Ill be keeping my 6S until the wheels fall off. Apple is trippin.
They should have taken an apple watch...
. RedSox reportedly used Apple Watch to steal Yankees  signals
Dont worry mom Ive got my lunch An apple  a sandwich and a few Coors Lats for the pain
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees DTI
Apple received this tonight requesting SSN and other PII to verify my Apple ID 
New post Red Sox busted using Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees NYT
POTUS Im tired of big mouth billionaires fr apple FB google who want cheap labor to line their pockets dont want to give Americans jobs
How have I only just discovered Apple health
Im just amazed someone found an actual use for an Apple Watch.
Usually it takes one bad apple to ruin the bunch. In the case of Daca its thousands of bad apples and were still stuck with the bunch
quality Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Just downloaded the iOS 11 beta Apple
Check out iphone 5s A1457 icloud clean blacklisted Apple
Who wants to buy me an Apple Pencil Dont all offer at once
Yeah I heard about the Red Sox Apple Watch Thing. I even talked about it.
https goo.glbYfWNW DACA LaborDay Irma chihuahua USAvHON Episode IX Apple Watch Sanaa Lathan Sloane Stephens USMNT 38
Now playing Top1000 Reloaded by Base1sa We on Google Play  Apple Store
You know what they say... Cheaters never win... Exactly my point... The Apple watch wasnt doing them any good.
Apple Sets Sept. 12 Launch Event to Debut Revamped iPhone
Say it aint so MayorLVaughn  Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Lmao I was so pissed. Tapped my watch when I got home and saw the apple boot up screen but then that bih said 84 battery 
Top story CarlinhosVP Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Agains
Top story meeekz  Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation 
Apple Bondi just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times jconnjr2
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
BuyOriginal Apple Lightning to USB Cable 1M for iPhone and iPad White Malaysia shop click here
What if mom is a liar cheaterand a scammer Apple dont fall far from the tree
i dont think ive ever been soo excited for doughnuts sweaters apple cider halloween movies etc..
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Somebody found a use for the Apple watch.
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
let me know when u do cant wait to have u back in the apple fam
They should have an Apple Watch Night at Fenway on Opening Day next year.
Is this just a ploy by Apple for free advertising prior to the AppleWatch announcement next week
my cinnamon apple x
Forever annoyed that Apple took away Repeat
Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Premium Long Fast Charger Strong Braided Apple iPhone 5 6 7 iPad USB Data Cable
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Top story Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Mid 2012 Apple Macbook Air 13 1.8 Intel I5 4gb 128gb Ssd Os X Sierra
From Apple to Y Combinatortech sector denounces new Dreamers plan
Been on the phone with apple for 30min and still havent talked to anyone tf
Premium Long Fast Charger Strong Cable For Apple iPhone 5 6 7 iPad Air USB Data
An apple a day can keep any doctor away if you throw it hard enough. 
Its not easy to build a samsung or an apple or a tesla. By mahathirs 20th attempt hed have lost a lot. Gst is unpopular n simply
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
New England Patriots staff on their way to buy the Apple Watch 
Lot of 6 Apple iPad 2nd  3rd Gen Tablets 16  32GB BlackSilver ATT  Verizon
Im more surprised someone found a use for an Apple Watch
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
What about... Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Unlocked Verizon Apple iPhone 5S 16GB Gold
Ponce Podcast de reVolver en Apple Podcasts
Someone check if CoachMikeLondon was wearing an apple watch on Saturday
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs
No Agenda by Adam Curry  John C. Dvorak on Apple Podcasts iTunes Subscribe  News  Politics
AMAZING APPLE IPHONE COMBO CAR MAGNET CROCODILE PROTECTION CASE
Mid 2012 Apple Macbook Pro 13 2.5 Intel I5 4gb 500gb Ssd Os Sierra
me we just dont have apple juice idk mel im unstanning ur family
I pass level 9 in Classic Bubble Shooter Game Bubble Shooter Cat Apple Store
Apple Watch also getting a lot of free publicity and advertisement today. Good for Apple .
Apple s Longstanding Music Festival Wont Get an Encore  Fortune
Microsoft Apple  others firms to offer dreamers legal protection as Trump scraps DACA
Nah Apple s trying to make me switch to Samsung.
LMFAO Apple really tryna ruin ppl financial lifes
Ars Technica  From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
This is corny because an Apple Watch is going to help you hit 95mph go somewhere with your non logic baseball self
Red Sox caught using an Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees  NY Daily News
Boy did you step in it Enjoy the smell Or willing to come clean with your falsehoods
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
And your point I m first generation on my mothers side and 2nd on my fathers and I still dont see your point
Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Gold Aluminum Case Midnight Blue Sport Band  MQ132LL
Used the Apple Watches to communicate with one another
Apple mpn luansantana
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Magnetic Milanese Stainless Steel Band MJ2T2LLA 
Report Red Sox Used Apple Watch To Steal Yankees Signs
Apple is ghey lol
Apple iPhone 6 Space Grey 32GB Price27999.00
Apple um wyd monday was the 4th 
I think the real news here is that someone finally found a use for an Apple Watch ... amIright
feeling fat after having an apple  ugh
Apple dont fall far from the tree
Apple s Next iPhone Might Be Cheaper Than Expected  leak big price. Quantify howls of outrage. Set real price.
Thankfully he was adopted by the Jobs after his immigrant father abandoned him and his mother.
Discussion Apple TV jailbreak wo Seas0npass can it be done and how.
I liked a YouTube video
HAHAHAHAHAHA the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
How many bottles of Crown Apple do I need to buy in order to survive the storm  Asking for a friend.
Gout Remedies  Can Apple Cider Vinegar Cure Gout In The Foot Get The Answer Here
Do you know the difference between legal and illegal
Someone found a use for the Apple Watch
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
stop stealing signs well stop flexing w our apple watches 
So what is your point
Caramel Apple Spice drink from starbucks is so good. Id recommend for anyone who likes apple cider
I tell Emma not to spill her apple juice on the carpet in my room and wtf happens I fucken spill her cup of apple juice in my room
AppleSupport thanks for the random uncontrollable volume decrease WTF You suck applesucks ios apple nextphonesamsung android
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Lol youre grasping at air man. Pathetic. You tweeting from your Apple watch
Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees
Apple knows that their product will sell no matter what the price.
When you buy apple cider vinaigrette and it tastes nothing like the one from ChickfilA
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan Its against
The RedSox Must Have Given USMNT Their Apple Watches To Pull That One Out USAvHON
Apple Fountain Gate just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
this crazy lmao apple doing the most
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
Hello goodmorning bonjour buongiorno gutenmorgen flower apple preautumn PhotoOfTheDay wednesday 
Support Apple resist
Apple Sells 5 Billion of Debt to Fund Share Buybacks Dividends
Id kinda like to know how. Can we use Apple watches to steal North Koreas plans Asking for a friend.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees  The New York Times
The saddest thing is apple watch sales still wont increase because of all this free publicity. redsox Yankees
Double Apple eLiquid
Hey Apple can I leave my iTunes account to someone in my will or is all this money Im spending pointless
Apple wants to patent the screen with rounded corners
Is the show available through google play or apple podcast
Cant wait for Albert Breer to say hes never seen an Apple Watch before so why would they be in Fenway
Red Sox cheating using Apple Watches.. yall cheat game is above par in New England
Make sure he gets an apple watch
I liked a YouTube video
NPR News 250 Apple Employees Among Thousands At Risk From DACA Cancellation
Apple updates Apple TV Events streaming app ahead of iPhone 8 unveiling next week
Apple stock could fall 10 after iPhone launch top Apple watcher Gene Munster says  CNBC
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
I wish Apple and Android would work together to create the ULTIMATE smart phone...
Tim Cook should be investigated for the 250 illegal aliens he employs. Apple would be a great place to start holding employers accountable.
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
No I dont need it.. but since its Apple I will probably buy it
A person who cant spell opinion.
i miss uraraka...i havent talked about her in a while but shes still the apple of my pie
Other than hes dead yes he could have...
JUS GON 2 SAY  TH BOSTON ROD SEX USE THERE APPLE WATCH 2 CHEET UP A STARM THEY SHOLD BE DICKED SOME LOOSES
APPLE MUSIC
New York City News Search Red Sox caught using an Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees New York City ... 
I knew there had to be some use for the Apple Watch
The  Apple of China just released an affordable iPhone 7 clone  take a look
Happened in Alabama too. Lost tens of millions. I cant wait to pay 9 for an apple . Another stupid hidden Republican tax
Report Red Sox used Apple Watch to steal signs from Yankees other teams
Apple Events app for Apple TV updated ahead of Sept. 12 keynote
Ye probably none of my followers play Hero Siege but THIS is the best item you can pick ever Rotten Apple there ya go HeroSiege 
Probably gave him 45 Apple Watches
Some issues with Apple and their closed sources
folio magnetic pu leather smart cover stand case for APPLE ipad wakesleep 8.54
ReutersTV Red Sox used Apple watches to steal Yankees signals NYT
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Pro 9.7 256GB Silver at 79.99 on O2 4G Mobile Broadband...
From Apple to Y Combinatortech denounces new Dreamers immigration plan
finally got apple music back
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
BIXBY Voice vs SIRI  Detailed Voice Assistant Comparison If apple doesnt come up with ios8 Will lag behind
I am capitalism and you stay motivated because youre excited about the arrival of Apple s next mystical gadget.
Prix Fixe tonight TheRangeSalado House made Lasagna with golden bruschetta Dessert Apple and Pear Crisp See you tonight 
glad I got Apple Music
Apple should copy Microsoft and name the next phone iPhone 10 for the 10th anniversary
Social media reacts Red Sox admit to using Apple Watch to steal signs against Yankees
Apple Announces New Tianyi Square Retail Location in Ningbo China Coming September 16  Mac Rumors
Red Sox reportedly used an Apple Watch to steal signs from rival Yankees
For sure. Im the type where I listen to albums more then singles so I go Apple Music normally. Its good for that
Just saw this on Amazon APPLE PLACEMATS set of 2  Handmade placema... by Netamente for 18.00
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
So the red sox get the pitch signal to the batter all while he is in the box and the pitcher is wind up via apple watch in 30 seconds
CARDI B TOOK BACK THAT 1 SPOT FROM TAYLOR ON APPLE MUSIC 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Everyone keeps talkin bout this iPhone8 ... Even tho the last 3 gen have been  4 4s 5 5s 6 6s and 7... Did I miss a memo Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Apple Montessori  Sweat NJ KIDS  Enroll Now
Freddie a...a... Briana omg apple  Freddie a...a...al Briana Ally Freddie ALWAYS IN MY HEART HARRYSTYLES YOUR SNCERELY LOUIS
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
Tech Geek Deals 6 2Pack Wire Headphones earbuds with Mic earphones and Remote Control for Apple 
M Countdown lineup GOOD DAY MOMOLAND B.A.P VIXX LR VICTON Sunmi Apple .B EXO NCT DREAM MXM Weki Meki Lee Gikwang PRISTIN HyunA PENTAGON etc
Apple must of lost there damn mind this s shit better be able to record phone calls
lol who am I kidding Apple for life
AGSchneiderman It really makes me mad how my apple devices wont recognize cables from other providers  and sometimes even their own
My SoundCloud Music not that bad sometimes I rather that than Apple Music
the Apple ecosystem works so well wehn you have many Apple devices
Apple Pie Hot Toddy 
Apple executives must love all this free publicity the Apple Watch is getting thanks to the Red Sox.
Whos ready for some delicious apple cider We cant wait for the Castile Cider Mill opening on September...
Apple  Amazon Join Race for James Bond Film Rights Exclusive  Hollywood Reporter
Apple Montessori  Sweat NJ KIDS  Enroll Now 
Apple  Facebook and Microsoft lead fightback against Trump over Daca
OK. The info I saw was from Apple Valleys schedule. Per Denfelds schedule looks like SLP out Mound Westonka in for the Heritage Classic.
Huawei has surpassed Apple in sales. Huawei. Lmao.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
can someone bring me an apple charger to dreamer apple chaider with ur name on it
Huawei overtakes Apple as worlds second largest smartphone company 
Apple Unveils Beats Studio3 Wireless Headphones  The Mac Observer
small apple
Katerintree did Adam do at home tech support for Apple 
Apple really needs that money huh
Apple reaches agreement w Warner Music for new cheaper Apple Music deal
I dont have one but whats supposed to be wrong with an apple watch
According to my watch its time to just assume all Boston sports teams cheat. The Red Sox admit to using Apple ...
NAUGHTY ON MY WAY BETWEEN US LONELY HEARTS ONE LAST NIGHT APPLE
False. Apple has a whole other method for loading apps from the web that requires no approval. Its what existed before the App Store.
I just bought Viva Naturals Unfiltered Undiluted NonGMO Organic Apple Cider Vinegar with the... via amazon
Hey LDFamilia new video just touch down Note 8 fanboy reactions some Apple bashing and how to cop exclusive...
And here comes the leaked apple 8 rumors and what its going to look like 
Again with the Apple  
Your Mac Life 1147 for September 6th 2017 Dalrymple Apple Music Festival James Bond shootingediting in RAW
Apple reaches agreement w Warner Music for new cheaper Apple Music deal
awww yisss architectsuk now on Apple Music 
Please RT if you like luxurywatch watch luxury luxurylife Apple Watch WatchOS 4 Gets Smarter Siri...
93 Octane  Single by T.R.I.G.G.A on Apple Music
Apple reaches agreement w Warner Music for new cheaper Apple Music deal
Apple musics Arab playlists are so bad
Cinnamon Apple Pork Chops
iPad news iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September
Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on CrunchReport wit 
Made fresh today as always by Mix CiP formally known as MC CiP in the 90s Apple Cream Pie Blueberry...
I just want to live my best life on a hayride drinking apple cider is that TOO MUCH TO ASK
Apple reaches agreement w Warner Music for new cheaper Apple Music deal
apple cider 
Apple  Nut Chia Bowls . . . foodphotographer foodstagram food foodie instafood 
GizmodoAU Apparently Apple And Amazon Are In A Bidding War For The James Bond Film Rights
I liked a YouTube video
This apple is amazing right now but its giving me the worst heartburns
Apple I hate u
Selling my Apple Watch
AR is on the brink of a breakout thanks to new platforms from Google  Apple  DigitalMarketing SEO
Oh that is terrible ..it is stopping others enjoying their music ..and I refuse to pay for Spotify or Apple Music ..I have BBC6Music
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray ATT  Clean ESN  Ready  Good Cond.
Hey apple when is the big release I need a new phone guys. You all messed up the software on the one I have
Apple s spaceship campus reportedly has rotating elevators
Apple  Amazon Join Race for James Bond Film Rights Exclusive  Hollywood Repo
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble
Apple  Amazon Join Race for James Bond Film Rights
forbes headlines New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble With less than a
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming  
BTW What is it with Boston Sports.SpyGate deflate Gate and now Apple Gate .Whats next The Philly Guy says is this how u win the RINGS
Apple refused to approve governments antispam app said it would violate privacy policy Trai
iPhone X I thought 8 was VIII not X Apple
Granny Smith Carmel Apple is back  its free today 
Caramel candy apple season. Oh yeah oh yeah. 
PreOrders for iPhone 8 Likely to Start on September 15 Shipments on September 22
Well. You know we cant have teams recruiting better than their average It might upset the apple cart
If you havent tried Jamba juices waffle or Apple cinnamon pretzel youre missing out
Winning Apple Crisp
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
bone apple tea 
The Apple Isle and land of milk and honey. This is Tasmania....
Apple cider
Made fresh today as always by Mix CiP formally known as MC CiP in the 90s Apple Cream
Time to invest in APPLE BRAND.
iPhone X has Apple s new iPhone name finally been confirmed
You forgot to mention the Apple watches dip shit 15dustinpedroia
Saw this on my Apple Watch
Apple Music
I Broke My Apple Watch Now Im Mad
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
Amazon and Apple are the rumoured to be the top bidders for the new home of James Bond
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
eating sushi at Red Apple Restaurant
The girls on the TheBoldTypeTV have such exciting lives and Im in bed reading for school while eating apple nachos
Oh no Is polkadots there Hope you had fun on your apple story
Influenster coming thru with AppleandEve juices for my JayJays lunch complimentary influenster momlife apple eve free 
Apple Dominates the Smartwatch Market wearables wearabletech 
A swing and a miss...
OPEN HOUSE 13469 Central Rd Apple Valley CA
Apple built a secret underground room into its new theater
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
Let me just bite down on an entire apple real quick
If Im not wrong Apple Music is available on Android as well on play store 
hi im molly and I have an apparent addiction to breaking my phone bc im the apple store getting a new phone for the 4th time since march
Pls call so we can talk about this dumb allegations of sign stealing with Apple Watch
My bike is stuck wont unlock in front of the Apple Store in Williamsburg please dont steal but also good luck if you try
Bro they should make like apple pie hot pockets 
I need apple orchardsseeing the lightsALL THE CUTE STUFF THIS YEAR
It does not taste like sparkling cider or apple juice or any other lies
I liked a YouTube video
Apparently Apple And Amazon Are In A Bidding War For The James Bond Film Rights
Apple Finally Announced An Event In September And The iPhone 8 Is Probably Coming  After what has felt like an...
Oh shit Does he continue Is holding an apple mid air
Apple reaches agreement w Warner Music for new cheaper Apple Music deal
My mouth misses e and j apple
why is unmix not on spotify or apple music im tired
Apple Might Announce iPhone 8 At Upcoming Event And Twitter Is Way Too Excited  Another day another rumored...
I cant go an episode of Netflix w out losing the Apple TV remote
i just got apple music send me son suggestions
Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on CrunchReport wi
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch  The Verge
Apple Music that
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170906 apple iphone8newleakrumorarcolorexpen
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Apple at odds with Indian regulators over antispam app
have an apple
The big fuckin Apple
Stay out for amzng news re current work on ARkit and MixedReality in DigitalHealth
LMAOOOOOO Apple crumble is going to bed
OPEN HOUSE 13469 Central Rd Apple Valley CA
Apple  an example badger
I dont remember what iOS iteration Apple ruined the emoji but DANG I wish theyd bring the old version back
Its hard for us Android users to accept Apple people but for the best of you we try really hard.
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel
Cant Unlock My Damn Apple ID
Phone keep fucking up apple need to gone drop the new one.
iPhone 8  ce que lon sait sur le prochain smartphone d Apple 
Just use Apple Pay at the gas station and the elderly lady behind me acted like I got out of a space ship. It was adoreable. future
Girl I know its a damn shame. I really want that camera Damn Apple to hell
I liked a YouTube video
Then after signing in for TestFlight IAP Im later promoted to sign in when I want to use Apple Music or the like.
Queens of promoting Apple is shook
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market AAPL
Fukin horrible mans face looks like apple crumble
NEWS CHINA CN Anger against Apple grows in China after store cuts 1m apps  Financial Times Financial Times
Apparently Apple And Amazon Are In A Bidding War For The James Bond Film Rights
nickandmore Amazon posted a new Loud House ep before Nick airs them they beat Apple  Google to the punch does Viacom need legal action 
my mom how do i disable touch ID on my phone me why my mom i dont want apple framing me for murder me fair enough
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6s Plus  16GB  A1687  NKU32LLA  9.3.3  Sprint  Gold
iphoneSuperSale New  Sealed Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Space Gray TMobile Smartphone
FACT drinking apple cider vinegar through a striped paper straw is less painful
Apple takes the wraps off its hushhush exercise lab 
Do yall apple watches really work Or yall use them for show
Jesus Christ Apple youve set a new record 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch  The Verge
Girl you got a apple .. let me touch
Apple got my girlfriend an Apple watch for our anniversary and paid extra for gift wrapmessage and yall didnt add it rip off
In ten years one of the wheel of fortune phrases will be pen pineapple apple pen
is it just me or do you guys not like the Apple Music carpool kareoke I just wanna see James Corden LOL.
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
Seen a few people post about apple pie flavoured Oreos. Anyone know where I can get them Been looking everywhere.
Dont let looks deceive you  red hair  bad apple   take care mate
My OC is an Apple Watch with an Android OS
apple music really be saving my life
Thats how much my phone cost and it dont look like that apple explain
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch  The Verge
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel Ashraf Eassa 
Did Apple get hacked WTF IS HAPPENING
New GorgeousWar song Crystallize out September 15. Check out GorgeousWar now on Spotify or Apple music 
carrot apple celeryjuiceS149th cup
apple full of baloney. Its about ad revs baby.
Best one tho is crown apple off the vanilla pepsi tho
Red Sox stole signs from Yankees others using Apple Watch CyberSecurity infosec Apple RedSox Video
My single Curve now available on Apple Music 
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
oigan do i wanna jailbreak my apple tv was does that even mean
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Apple issues 5B bond sale to fund capital return program
Come work on your buzz with some NoCoastBrewCo Passion Fruit  Peach Berliner Weisse Boochcraft Apple Lime Jasmine firestonewalker 805.
I signedup for free earhoox  entered to win Apple AirPods  You can too. Just RT  click here
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev furniture Apple 
Warning over Bitcoin scam app Samsung facial recognition bypassed Apple squares up to India  Naked Security
Great Sneak Peek DigitalTrends  Mega Details On What To Expect Apple 9.12 Event. wescrimmage ios11 MobileApp
Canary Yellow iPhone 7 With Red Apple Logo BodakYellow Quality iPhone Screen
This what I think of apple feel me android androidonly google toptags top.tags
knewbetterzach Wed like to help. Are you using a certified Apple Charger If youre not sure check this out
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Cause they know yall niggas got too much fake pride to buy anything else they could make it 2k and yall would find a way cause its apple
Gotta love not having apple music
Douglas Junior was so far ahead of the game if theyve had apple watches over 10 years ago
 massive shortterm profits from the pockets of an oppressed people. Like all other us based companies using china. Dont single out Apple
They could have used anything... It just happened to be an Apple watch...
send me your apple music playlists since i want to discover more music and i always end up listening the same ones x
PBSKIDS My daughters use the Apple TV app to watch the great programming you provide. Can you update Curious George episodes
Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on CrunchReport wi
Nigga you aint got no apples At least an apple
The Apple Bluetooth headphones just look like tiny flaccid penises growing out of your ear
Apple just released iOS 11 beta 10 to developers
I hope Apple gets the rights to the Bond franchise
TechCrunch Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on Cru 
Recall This from 08102017  Apple Postpones iPhone 8 September Launch  AAPL
Hope the Apple Blossom 12 movie theater gonna sell these. AMCTheatres
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble
SMARTPHONES DISPONIBLES   Apple  Apple  Apple  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB RED Sellado 
I guess I was wrong. Apple watch has a product market fit in baseball. AppleWatch RedSox
This shit is ridiculous bc after the first update the phone is bouta start actin up and your battery is gnna start dyin fast... Apple smh
Apple is rotten 2 the core time 2 remove sil from silcon Valley the are just a bunch of CONs illegal slave owners time 2 burn them out
Better than apple
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch  The Verge
If I change my Mac desktop for a Windows machine does that mean I cant use my Apple products
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
nice your Apple events updates are the best
Apple developer center under maintenance amid reports of potential hack u
If they do no more of their product. Its overpriced let daca buy it. Apple . Microsoft
PreOrders for iPhone 8 Likely to Start on September 15 Shipments on September 22
APPLE NEWS PreOrders for iPhone 8 Likely to Start on September 15 Shipments on September 22
Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team
Die a Little Kill Me Back To Life Apple  Me Myself and I Original Version... just to name a few... 3
Handmade Apple Watch Strap Apple Watch Band 38mm Apple Watch Strap Apple Watch Band 42mm 
You fondle my trigger then you blame my gunFiona Apple
Maybe you can follow on your Apple watch 
this dick appointment was so much better also smoking out of an apple is an experience i recommend
 Apple Seeds iOS 11 Beta 10 to Developers
Ive got a dedicated gesture for apple if u no what i mean
Lock that rotton apple up. They should be denouncing him and are weak for not. That is why they can not bring more to the party.
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple the GOAT at planned obsolescence
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
thats the hottest adams apple ive ever seen.
applewatch Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Rose Gold 
Associated Press  Red Sox Used Apple Watch to Steal Yankees Signs
My dad is eating an apple and keeps saying wow this would be great in a pie... Like okay dad Ill bake you a pie.
yeah that is a problem. I use the virtual home thing that Apple has already. But I use my like swipe left way more. I just
apple pie is such a good song
Blood of Satan I did not know apple has started to make flat back side for humans
. Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team
KEEMSTAR 6 in Apple 
Kimes Adams apple is bigger than Yates.
as much as I am unlikely to return to apple phones I would like a used ipad mini at an ok price so I can run newer korg apps and read comix
Pebble Time Steel Smartwatch for Apple Android Devices  Silver
Apple
maybe its and Apple  Also could be browser  this is firefox.
CURTIS BOEHRINGER Quilting Pattern ANGELS MORE  MORE Sept AN APPLE A DAY 9th
Apple Reaches Music Deal With Warner Eyes Sony Pact
dead want a Apple Watch
Somehow I pressed the on my Apple Watch and it started at me.. I hated every second of that panic attack.
The Verge Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch unidentifiedGlitch
Apple s new iPhone may have different type of screen. Heres what that means.  NZ Herald
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Microsoft crying because they are losing low level wage earners  aka slaves to the machine called Microsoft. Apple  Google etc are same
C Snacks Me No eat some dinner. C Apple  Me Still a snack buddy. Eat carrots and turkey. C No..
How can I kill the Apple Software Update Like for good. Its constantly freezing every time I try to close it and its just obnoxious.
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Apple slices w caramel 
Huawei overtakes Apple in June and July smartphone sales  but then theres iPhone 8
Full disclosure I am in the Apple and Google programs they changed my professional life for the better by giving me access to like minded
Apple And Google Caught Censoring Joe Rogan Again
Curious that Microsoft Apple  Facebook all against the rescind of unconstitutional DACA order perhaps their Globalist agenda is revealed
Apple reviews Essential Phone Review  Bezelless Beauty
applewatch Deal Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Rose Gold
PreOrders for iPhone 8 Likely to Start on September 15 Shipments on September 22
Apple and Amazon are bidding for James Bond the House passes a selfdriving car bill and more on CrunchReport with anthonyha 
Apple developer site may have been hacked The Loop
This is lip balm. smell the apple ... Cute This character is Kitty. It is popular in Japan.
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market AAPL Rumors are swirling that Apple plans to unveil a... 
When you dont have enough space to install Apple music on your phone or pc
sweetoothgirl Brown Butter Maple Glazed Cinnamon Apple Scones
Happy Anniversary CouncilSherree  Still loving my Apple Watch
Every time a new Apple phone comes out though my phone gets slower and slower. Its insane I know no phone is perfect but Id like one that
iTunes Remote by Apple CaylebJones
And the apple pie
You have the Georgia vs ND Apple Watch face Lol
Lol the Red Sox admitted to using apple watches in order to relay signs. The Yankees bullpen streamed a game and didnt relay signs
Fiona Apple and Thom Yorke
Apple Music  Carpool Karaoke  Big Sean and Tracee Ellis Ross
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses  New York Times
httpswww. essayagents.comblogappleinc companyanalysisessaypaper  on Apple Inc Company Analysis Essay Paper
917 WIN AN Apple Watch S2 Apple TV or 50 Amazon Gift Card Giveaway GetJimmyOffTheCouch ...
Huawei passes Apple to be No. 2 smartphone vendor
Ugh Apple Music trippin with the link. Lol. 
Kindergarten STEM Apple Activity with Free Printable 
Vintage Disney Press Photos Apple Dumpling Gang Rides again 1979 lot of 6 donknotts
Mr. Clean prod. white shinobiSPOTIFY APPLE MUSIC LINK IN DESCRIPTION on SoundCloud np
I would absolutely love it if Apple gave Siri different creative accents like a voice of someone from the Hood lmfao
the apple event is too close
Apple Joins Billion Dollar War for James Bond Franchise
good apple s gigantic bezels trashed their phones for me when they moved to larger screen sizes
Microsoft Apple UNICEF SamsungMobile intel nvidia Adobe coz i believe in the power of TECH just please help those innocent people. 
Soup a crisp apple  and an oversized sweatshirt is the life right now.
Well break down everything we know about the new iPhone the Apple Watch Series 3 and the 4K Apple TV before Apple s September keynote.
Apple Pushing New iOS 11 Personal DJ Driving Mode Features
Will he eat cut up fruit  Like strawberries bananas  bits of apple etc.. as long as hes eating fruit hes good from what his
Lemme just say tho but Lidl has some great scrumpy cider or as it says on the sider lightly carbonated apple cider
disappointed and left out that LoganPaul released Apple phone cases and not Samsung phone cases. massive let down
End 3 Still scoreless. Either the Drive forgot their Apple Watches or Freicer is pitching really well. We are leaning toward the latter.
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel
Fun facts 1. The Bandai Apple Pippin had a floppy drive addon 2. Its now been cloned
daca is an unconstitutional law writ by obama to impose child slave labor on minor illegal immigrants for greedy corps. like apple microsoft
POTUS is WICKED RAW in a GREAT WAY You know HES struck TRUTH when BLMNational Google Microsoft Apple  socialist media pull a GULLUM 
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble www.forbes.comsitesewanspence20170906 apple iphone8newleakrumorarcolorexpen
Jess is an Art I.V S working on her Interaction peice the variation in the blue. john apple   the finishing touches to his rhythm art 
Just landed in NYC for New York Fashion Week Follow along with me in the big apple here on IG
You can just rice different food Can I have apple pie rice The possibilities are limitless
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel
my phone isnt even giving me notifications anymore wtfff and they arent even turned off fuck apple
Lrt now i wanna play bad apple wars even more
 the apple dont fall to far from the tree
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
WATCH The Boston Red Sox have been accused by the NY Yankees of using an Apple Watch to engage in a longtime act
Apple Reaches Music Deal With Warner Eyes Sony Pact
 back causing the Adams apple to be on full display. So Bruce could utilize it however he pleased. Two could play at this 
My question Mr Cook why did you not help to become citizens You have the money and time to help them become legal why didnt you
With an Apple Watch Im sure Babe Ruth would agree thats part of the game
Apple And Amazon Want Bond  Crunch Report
I promised myself no sugars this month. As soon as I get to work... I go to McDeez and get 1 apple 1 strawberry myWeakness
New Apple Pie candle was amazing but no wallflower
Apple  Amazon bid for James Bond film rights 
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market  Business Insider 
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree Wonderful if her new Orange jumpsuit will be made in China
WATCH The Boston Red Sox have been accused by the NY Yankees of using an Apple Watch to engage in a longtime act of baseball skulduggery 
youre my honeybunch sugar plum pumpyumpyumpkin youre my sweetie pie youre my cuppycake gumdrop snoogums boogums youre the apple of 
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple  Facebook and Microsoft lead fightback against Trump over Daca
Dash is a dirty apple 
Why should any rational company  like Apple  pay another 35 of tax ON TOP of the say 12 they pay in Ireland or 15 they pay in Canada
TheNextWeb Apple s culture of secrets is why it wont win the AI race
Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch  BBC News
Apple Pay is so convenient when online ordering
You can watch on Hulu YouTube Roku Apple TV and on
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 39 But New Version Crashes on Launch
I forgot to send my kid a snack today. He died of starvation until his teacher gave him an apple she was given. Hes a touch dramatic. 12
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Bc apple juice is gross fym
NEWS CHINA CN Anger against Apple grows in China after store cuts 1m apps  Financial Times Financial Times
Its Revolution Honey in Concordia. A friend bought a bulk supply  I bought 2 cases. This one  apple . Dont know where they distribute.
http bit.ly2vNa9ss Apple Looking To Acquire Rights For The James Bond Movie Franchise iphonefirmware 
Apple just released iOS 11 beta 10 to developers
I liked a YouTube video
CocoaHeads Adelaide is on next week Well be hearing from rustyshelf  and well take a look at Apple s new gear
Taught some Hurricane Science in my STEM Classes today with the cool Meteo Earth app on my Apple TV. Be Safe down there 
At least you werent holding a giant apple at the time they would have change there tune then
3 Bad Apple Wars  PlayStation Vita
Apple  Amazon Join Race for James Bond Film Rights Exclusive  Hollywood Reporter
Apple Developer Site Down as Developers Report Possible Hack Apple s Developer site has been down for a couple of..
netflix Any way to disable the automatic preview in your Apple TV app I hate it. Loud and visually distracting.
Typically Im with Chelsea on several platforms but imo scrutinizing an entire company from one bad apple isnt fair. Or right.
Every apple phone Ive had has gone to crap after about a year so Im going to try a Samsung and see if I have better luck
I dont care about the apple shit. But the rest of it has been annoying. Price especially
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
I just waited 2 hours for Apple to fix my back camera just for my fingerprint to stop working
Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event video  CNET
same way apple pie tastes like apples yeah. Absolutely just does my head when its pumpkin spice xyz but its clove cinnamon nutmeg
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
GameofThrones apple and blackberry pie
Will I be allowed to walk into the Apple Store and charge my phone Nothing like buying a new phone and it has 20...
Hot New Releases Watch Bands for Woman 8 Apple Watch Band 42mm 38mm AP Leather Strap Wrist Band Replacem
Apple developer site may have been hacked
transforms into an insideout apple 
Apple Pushing New iOS 11 Personal DJ Driving Mode Features iOS Technology
Kush and Apple Juice Nigga .
Wicked Apple  Spine Chilling Potion. Shimmer Fizz Body Lotion. Scent  Winter Candy Apple 
My phone is in a constant state of dying and apple is trying to get me to buy the new one like Ive got duckets laying around for that.
music 2k and crown apple and cranberry
NowPlaying Jay Mcghee  Duck Em Remix ft. DJ Ms. Hypnotique on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Walmart if you stop selling these Apple Spice cookies Im going to have to stop shopping at your store 
I guess Woods Tweet says it all.... you lose
get apple sauce and put it in the freezer till it gets hella cold but not froze lol
Apple TV 64GB 4th Generation
Its not against the rules to steal signs its against the rules to use electronic devices to steal signs aka Apple watch.
Guys New GorgeousWar song Crystallize out September 15. Check out GorgeousWar now on Spotify or Apple music He is so talented  nice. 
New Apple Park Drone Video Shows Off Steve Jobs Theater Ahead of Next Weeks Event  Mac Rumors
until i saw your caption i thought it was sliced up apple in jello
daca is an unconstitutional law writ by obama to impose child slave labor on minor illegal immigrants for greedy corps. like apple microsoft
if apple keeps making their phones like androids im just gonna by an android 
Boston Red Sox Cheated Using Apple Watch  IGN News
Rugani  Rugani LLC and Flat Screen Clean Scented Apple are in the running for 2017 Inventor of the Year at the...
if apple iphone 8 will cost 1000 only becouse oled display and ipad dock like im switching to s8 cus of best display and multi window
wueno 60 en battery save mode brightness en low blanco  negro  con el night shift on.  Apple  enserio
AppleSupport picked up AppleTV today got home to discover I need a HDMI cord back to the store I go thought u were better than that Apple
Say it one more time Mama Apple 
World Largest Smartphone Shipping In The Market  1  Samsung 2  Huawei Overpass Apple to Become Second 3  Apple MLKSNW
apple needs to come out with a new update asap
An apple a day keeps the doctors away. bot
Drinking a Crisp Apple by AngryOrchard Beef OBradys 
Apple
Spotify is far superior to apple music dont me
Apple
Apple And Amazon May Try To Buy The Rights To James Bond
RT gryphonboy  I still struggle to understand why people like apple 
Now we got a backup....thanks apple  Apple Northlake Mall
Artsy mowing. lawncare Oreo AppleWatchFanz  Facebook group link in bio Apple 
Huawei beat Apple for the second place in the global smartphone market
Apple Teams With Hertz to Manage Fleet of SelfDriving Vehicles
Q8446 Wikipedia article edited anonymously from Apple
a apple smashed right in his face MAN DOWN takes a moment to recoverthats gonna be bruise gets back up with purple on his face
Health Some moisturizers NOT as advertised. Sports Are the Red Sox stealing pitching signals using an Apple watch
My phone has responded to Apple telling me I need a new battery by being even worse than usual robynproblems
Answer this Case Donna Dubinsky and Apple Computer A
Little bit of a different view for TheNational tonight than normal ... Thanks Apple  SleepWellBeast 
apple juice 
Video tape doesnt lie. MB72 is trouble and trouble begets trouble. Hes a bad apple . Get rid of him now.
Red Sox steal Yankees signs using Apple Watch
 Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
that time Apple added the U2 album to everyones iTunes library was only 3 years ago. that feels like 80 years ago
I still struggle to understand why people like apple 
Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event video  CNET
why did apple take away the ability to play stuff on youtube and still be able to use your phone when you wanna use other apps
Apple gonna nerf the old iPhones soon or nah
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
gave it most of a podcast it just wasnt happening. AGAIN. I should... email the guy who makes this I guess. Fuck you Apple .
Yes of course its part of the game. Using Apple watches to do so isnt though.
Top 10 tech startups building in the Big Apple New York City
Tim Cook Apple  Dont Help China Arrest Activists. ReAllow VPNs Now  Sign the Petition
im sitting in apple and they have me waiting foreverrrr.... i was only like 10 min late for my appt. like no grace period
Sarah squints from the distance Her Are you eating an apple  Takes a closer look Her Oh...its a donut.
I still hate apple though
Anybody want to be nice and let me use their Apple Music 
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel
Hi  In case this helps you can give on this page to all seven of those groups using Apple Pay CC or PayPal
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB  Rose Gold Sprint Smartphone win 
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
New Celldweller shit Ill take that. Apple Music did good today.
The only reason Im still alive is caramel apple cider
Note to self dont put apple stickers on your dogs back. Theyll piss all over your freshly mopped floors.
Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Help Steal Signs Against Yankees
Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event
The cloud means big money is for Msft Google Amazon Apple . Soonyou will not be able to buy a computer with builtin storage.
Maybe go in an Apple Store and look but I always get the basic MacBook haha
Ive just posted on my Blog about Made with apple  lem
Phone prices are getting ridiculous and because its apple people will pay. Even more if it comes in rose gold or we
Apple down
Yeah bc apple watches existed for decades....Boston tool
Between Barstools continued grossness  the Red Sox Apple Watch reaction its a bad week for accurate stereotypes of Bahstawn meatheads.
Yes but its not apple to apple comparison. Its like telling we should all be paid the same. Would you work for 15hr Bill
Winner of best tweet of the day  fellow poolie heading down to draft On way. Almost forgot Apple Watch.
Waaaaaay better than apple .
Anyway thats enough. But timcook should revisit Apple policiesattitude before they lose all of their long time fans  AAPL AppleExit
Art tech technology Apple Apple iPhone iWatch AppleWatch iPhone Graphics MotionGraphics film CGI ML AI VR So COOL
Apple iPad Air 16gb WiFi MD785LLA Space Gray. Home Button slightly depressed for 149.00 with 6d 23h via eBay
New iPhone 8 Leak Reveals Apple s Shameless Gamble
We had to that bitch woulda went 20 innings if we didnt get the ol Apple Watch involved again
Apple  Dutch Gadget Site Dishes on iPhone X Packaging
Apple  You Should Already Have Taken iPhone Profits Says Ned Davis
Ipad Iphone5s Iphone6 Iphone7 Iphone7Plus New oem apple earphones for original Iphone 7 7 6 6S 5 ...Link
Whooooa relax Apple Watch is a investment
Not Apple Pay
Heres What to Expect from Apple s Sept. 12 iPhone Event
Apple Pay
Its an Apple Watch not an iWatch. newyorkpost
Tree. Apple . BTWFoundation is truly inspiring. Leave it to the Mother Monsters to do what they can for mentalhealth awareness
There should be an Apple TV app that lets you use your phone
I wanted to let you know your newest podcast on stitcher called Behind the scenes with the man whos disrupting... is not working. Thanks
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get TalkU at
Is it just me or does the Siri UI present with a kind of upgraded HAL 9000 vibe apple ios 
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
The Big Apple Watch ... just think about it thanks.
. chefannaolson s best apple recipes including her classic apple pie
Transit information is now available for Ottawa in Apple Maps Super happy that my city is now supported applemaps octranspo
I meanseriouslybecause I was just about to shell out 60 smackroonies for 2 apple lightning cables. I just spent half that on 3
Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Apple just released iOS 11 beta 10 to developers
Apple just released iOS 11 beta 10 to developers
No I blame Apple for Apple prices. This is how they turn record profits each qtr. Theyre all twats
Apple pie baked in apples applepie apple 
 Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team offers hints at future programming
Silk radio station on apple music
Please dime que en Apple Music
Apple MacBook Pro ForSale Excellent condition. Free Shipping. 8GB RAM. 1TB SSHD .
Community Service 22nd Annual Apple Butter Festival  Saturday from 1100am to 2 contact SadeeeW ASAP if youre interested
Fall. By far the best season. Im so ready for you. Scarves. Leaves. Boots. Hoodies. Pumpkins. Apple cider. Bonfires. So much goodness
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  Apple There used to be a lot of speculation that Apple ...
Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team  Mac Rumors
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Apple iPad Air Tablet 32GB Silver White 2nd Gen WiFi Fully Working MD788LLA via eBay
Apple Store at Northbrook Court in Chicago Area Moving This Weekend  Mac Rumors
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
London Mac Repair Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team
Apple s iPhone 8 may cost as much as 999  and theres a smarter way to buy it
I noticed apple has the hand signal emoticon reversed so the WP not obvious
Who makes mobile printers for Apple MacBooks 
Apple s iPhone 8 may cost as much as 999  and theres a smarter way to buy it
Chocolate tart  Apple crumble tart Jurong spring cc 10sep 930am1pm Fees30 Ingredientsmaterials20...
MacBook Repair Lndn iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel
I love that apple recognizes sports like team handball cricket and water polo for emojis but not lacrosse
Unreasonably excited for Apple s live stream next week from Steve Jobs Theater  even the venue is new this year
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event  Macworld
Use your Macbook Pro or Apple Wireless keyboard as a MIDI controller for LogicPro
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
I wish I could have a slice of apple pie rn with ice cream mmm
It is going to be Tomorrow morning. With candy apple black tea. NOM
nigga how its from apple
Did apple not ever think of the average person who might like to listen to some Drake and charge there phone too when making the iPhone 7
The only thing Ive eaten today is one slice of an apple  Ive been up since 340am. How am I alive lul
Using your Apple Watch Series 2 for travel tips for using your watch for boarding passes purchases apps more
Make apple butter with the lastoftheseason apples left on your apple trees
Shoutout to Apple wife damaged phone while working harvey relief with TX National Guard. Gave her replacement for free. Out of warranty.
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
Microsoft  Apple  Facebook support their Dreamers employees. Common ground for everyone.
Honestly hate pumpkin spice so much. Apple cider is where its at
Part of me thinks NancyChuck did their homework though figured they could get POTUS to come around at a second apple
just spent an hour on chat with apple support to try fix my phone and the whole time i was pressing the wrong buttons to restart it 
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market
Thanks Apple Music 
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
i love you so much my precious little cinnamon roll my honey bunches of oats my apple pie
OMG You are so welcome Apple I cant wait
nah i havent really heard of anything else it seems like most people go for either the fitbit or apple watch
The fuss is they got caught. The old Apple Watch in the dugout trick apparently doesnt work every time.
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
Join the Credit Movement its BIG APPLE TAKEOVER THURSDAY Come Learn how to Restore your Credit
Was gonna eat an apple on my ride home but instead I rear ended a nurse who had vet plates. whatishappening
iPhone 8 release likely set for September 22 following preorders on September 15 Read more
tech news Apple just released
i want some crown royal apple and ginger ale
TheNextWeb Apple s culture of secrets is why it wont win the AI race
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone NO FINGERPRINT
iphoneSuperSale NEW Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rose Gold Factory Unlocked
Naughty and apple
Apple And Google Caught Censoring Joe Rogan Again
Boy trumps really keeping NY Attys busy .. the BIG APPLE will make him choke eventually
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
A one apple can prevent you from getting sea sicktrust me mate
gruber Doesnt it seem like the price of the iPhone 8 is less about Samsungs display price and more about what Apple wants to charge
Forget that. Anti joke apple is a fraud now.
BebeRexha APPLE AND NAUGHTY
. NancyPelosi wearing an Apple Watch with a rainbow band in Trumps Oval Office is low key very satisfying. resist 
she look like a candy apple  
Chocolate tart  Apple crumble tart Jurong spring cc 10sep 930am1pm Fees30 Ingredientsmaterials20...
Thus why I preorder movies and music from Apple .
Got those apple watches
Apple s iPhone 8 may cost as much as 999  and theres a smarter way to buy it by Lauren Lyons Cole via Feedburner
Apple  Dutch Gadget Site Dishes on iPhone X Packaging by Emily Bary and Tiernan Ray via Tech Trader Daily
Lets get one thing right. Apple earpods sounds a lot better for me than the monks though the latter seems to bring out more detail.
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum White Sport Band Mint Cond. 60 DAY WARRANTY
Ultra Thin Slim TPU Gel Skin Cover Case Pouch for Apple iPhone 7 6 Plus 5 SE
The Apple Watch got some notoriety this week thanks to the Boston Red Sox
FOOD FOR THOUGHT Has Apple ever invented anything original and the answers that say that Apple is an...
Apple Watch 1st Gen. 42mm Silver Stainless Steel Case Black Band Very Good
I knew I loved you before I met you.. We finally meet tomorrow RED Apple iPhone 7. 
diabeteshelp Apple Cider Vinegar And Coconut Oil Discover Natural Cures Vibrant Health 8.00 End Date
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses  New York Times
When youre boutta be mad at Apple for their support chat taking so long but it turns out you had your pop up blocker on 
They prob lose several customersfamily etc.each time plus the word of mouth effect. Do that all the time and it will add up Apple  AAPL
Just ate an apple healthyboyz
Lastest Apple Smartwatch News Will Pebble smartwatch be able to compete with Apple and Google Time
Every body dont got apple itunes
Devin at the Apple Store is my new BFF
Something strange about Apple promoting a Files app we supposedly didnt need during the previous ten iOS versions.
Now available on
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Almost time for apple picking. I cant wait goingfor2000 happyday1236
Apple And Amazon Are Also Interested In Purchasing JAMES BOND Rights
appleinsider . Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team
Paper Girls has a ridiculous amount of advertising via Comixology commercials which I suffer thru on Lifetime app on apple tv bc Im lazy
Doesnt it feel like apple picking weather
. Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team
Thats because everything pertaining to apple iPhones is apple owned. Everyone is updating the new update when it comes out.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Hauwei now 2nd biggest phones company after Samsung and Apple at the 3rd position. 
The next stage is political leverage. Facebook Amazon Apple and Google control the free flow of information online.
The Big Apple Watch
I had to drop my computer off at the Apple store  now me creys.
Apple and Google are caught yet again censoring opinions and speech that dont fit their agenda 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 Mid 2010 A1312 i3 3.2GHz 4GB RAM 1TB ATI Radeon HD 5670 512MB
Wheres my Apple watch at 
I liked a YouTube video
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple iPad Pro 256GB WiFi 9.7in  Silver apple pencil and many more
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Apple and Amazon join the war for James Bonds distribution rights
Apple Looking To Acquire Rights For The James Bond Movie Franchise
Going on 40 min with apple support
Apple Recruits Four Veteran Execs to Join Growing TV Unit
Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team
apple Got my new iphone  apple
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Take it to apple
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Owner of YouTube ripping site settles lawsuit with record labels
TRAI chairman slams Apple stance over antispam app
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple s bug reporter now says dupe instead of duplicate on the little tags. Looks like a few other visual updates
Apple s culture of secrets is why it wont win the AI race
Why I love technology The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Make a 600 dollar phone that works as easy as apple get rich  make it easy to operate thats secret of course features too
apple .b
Apple Watch 38mm Aluminum Case Sport with Black Sport Band
I propose a podcast with only two episodes per year where you and I do live commentary on Apple keynotes.
Okay this files app is my FAVORITE thing about iOS 11. It has made my life so much simpler. apple ios11 
. Apple recruits four TV executives to growing video team
I cant get 10 to fix my Apple Music but gordo eats his rice extra fuckin dark
FyahWill but did they use the Apple Watch to clock this so called marathon Im asking for a friend.
Go on Apple Music hit search  let me know if this is what you see. Send screenshots 
Apple IPhone SE  64GB  ATT Smartphone  Rose Gold Gray Gold Silver Price ...
Apple finally speaks up on net neutrality  Aug. 31 2017  CNN Money  CNNMoney
At the Apple store in Williamsburg for TheNational tonight
So I have my Apple TV device but I dont have my Apple remote is there a way I can link a new phone iPhone remote to the device
Not all apple pie and Stars and Stripes.
Hating new Apple garageband on new MacBookPro 2017. Useless for podcasts so ...
Yall were using Apple watches at Douglas Junior High School Really bruh
IDK OMFG
How you can use Apple Watch to cheat not that you would
Huawei now sells more phones than Apple
How you can use Apple Watch to cheat not that you would
I just got an overwhelming craving for apple crumble and ice cream
Im hype about my Apple Watch..
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Black ATT Smartphone HAS ISSUES
Type the word princess into your iMessage and see the blonde white girl that pops up whiteprivilege Apple
Then try to cut it fast. And think youre cutting a fruit example apple ... Think youre cutting an apple
This story has it all for me Apple  Yanks tech  How Red Sox Used Tech Step by Step to Steal Signs From Yankees
SO to Apple for replacing my phone for the free99
Apple s Developer Center may be down due to a security breach
Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event video  CNET
I have a purpose. I am special. I am Gods apple of the eye. I am loved. Thank you Lord
Apple Looking To Acquire Rights For The James Bond Movie Franchise
TECH NEWS Apple Looking To Acquire Rights For The James Bond Movie Franchise
Apple Thunderbolt Gigabit Ethernet Adapter MD463LLA Networking
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market AAPL
Traitors to your own country. Tim Cook should focus on bringing APPLE MONEY back into the US NOT OFFSHORE TO EVADE TAXATION. Criminal
The best backtoschool tech deals at Amazon Apple  Best Buy and Target
For me today it was some apple cider person.
How many apple watches have been sent to Matheny today
50ShadesOfDave you have a apple watch 
Yes Im her big fan
The Apple Watch got some notoriety this week thanks to the Boston Red Sox
Maine college honors Apple SVP Phil Schiller with coastal studies center
By now wtf kind of auto correct does Apple make
Anger against Apple grows in China after store cuts 1m apps
Nothing is quite like opening a new apple computer. Nothing This is the real deal. Get a refurbished GREAT...
CIA WAPO and CIA NYT use Communist Suicide Nets at Apple Factories China Webots for fake traffic
Just a heads up you can now download our brand new podcast on iTunes and Apple Podcasts. Since we are a brand...
Apple raised more than 3M Hurricane Harvey relief US Coast Guard using iPads in search efforts Cook says
Apple Providence Place just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Perfect time to go apple picking hiking to hear the crunch of dead leaves under your steps and warming up apple cider
Forget that So you have the hump with Apple vecause they dont pay enough on iTunes is that your point  brexit
Top 10 tech startups building in the Big Apple New York City
Imagine being Boston and having to use a Apple Watch to cheat on the other teams signs...
Apple Seeds iOS11 Beta10 to Developers
http app.smdcodes.com Graphics Firesale 
Weve got a request for comment in to Apple . Hoping theyll share details. But wouldnt surprise me if they are mute on this.
Huawei passes Apple to be No. 2 smartphone vendorfor now Counterpoint
I let the Apple Music hiphop radio rock till it played tayk and NBA youngboy back to back
OMG DID APPLE JUST TAG KLIQUE IN A TWEET
Please RT decoration interiordesign An Apple Inspired Stool by Takaaki Kamei
Citi Mobile Apple Music and Keepsafe
Anytime youre in Vancouver Id be honored to buy you something. Souvenir maybe Drink An apple  Love your work sir.
I own an apple phone but I hate it...
crackpotjack gives some great stock advice on the latest Ramblecast
Fiona Apple  Limp
BlizzardCSEUEN BlizzardEnt Can we get War III TFT Soundtrack on Apple Music Every other game but this one is.
My mom bought a brand of apple juice called apple  eve and this is islamophobic
Always good to be in the Big Apple  even in the IloveNY 
http goo.glCQryvf Apple Store at Northbrook Court in Chicago Area Moving This Weekend
To get a MacBook Air or the new MacBook ACUedup advice apple macbook macbookair
Ahem Back to the fun Kyle grabbed yet another purple apple from the box Throwing it full pelt at Allen.
Lmfaooo yea cuz I like apple pie but I like Oreos
Apple pie and Iron Chef because marriage.
Apple juice n nap Last destiny video is nearly done tomorrows vlog is transferring over for me to begin editing in 3 or so hours 
nothing better than the smell of apple crisp cooking in the oven
I liked a YouTube video
Travis SHOULDVE stopped after  Apple Pie
Nowplaying WanteD WanteD  Mrs. GREEN APPLE WanteD WanteD  EP 
Download the Ticketing App. Apple or Android.
Apple Recruits Four Veteran Execs to Join Growing TV Unit Chelsea LaurenVarietyREXSh...
Apple leak shows how it decides to repair or replace iPhones 
im just trying to patch up old broken friendships get a cute girl to go apple picking w me n wear my hoodies before the world ends.
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Exclusive Apple Prepares iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 and more for September Event
Apple dont fall to far from the tree
Food for thought. I really love apples though. Especially hot apple cidera good book and music. howdoyoulikethemapples 
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Sonys voiceenabled wireless speaker looks like Apple s HomePod costs less  Video
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple Looking To Acquire Rights For The James Bond Movie Franchise. Apple s aim to become a major player in ...
The energy stored in an apple is enough to turn a seed into a tree. An apple is a snack. Therefore humans snack on enough energy for a tree
Apple s spaceship campus reportedly has rotating elevators
I need to cutback on so much sugar I tell myself as I eat some apple pie and drink a milkshake
ever since i showed my dad how to use my apple music every time he gets in the car with me he goes i call tunes
Losing my biz wont make a dent in  AAPL finances but its a policy so happens repeatedly. Each person who leaves likely takes others too
They fucked up and made apple pie flavor Oreos
Im in the lab on my phones DAW garageband iphone5s apple producer upcomingartist 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
FREE SHIPPING Lot of 8 Vintage Brooch Pins Strawberry Apple Flower Rhinestone etc.
MuzikkZone Check out Miguel Cold Doe  Single by MHutchJr available on Apple Music
MuzikkZone Check out Miguel Cold Doe  Single by MHutchJr available on Apple Music
MuzikkZone Check out Miguel Cold Doe  Single by MHutchJr available on Apple Music
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Whats your secret to getting rid of fruit flies Ive already tried apple cider vinegar in a Saran Wrap covered glass with holes
Bubblelyree REDS APPLE ALE PLEASE DRINK RESPONSIBLY love you guys
Really hoping Apple has an ace up their sleeve for the next iPhone because Im less excited than Ive ever been based on the rumors.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Facts Apple dont care they got customers who are willing to pay what ever the price is
FaceTime voicemails... apple
 AAPL Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event Now on
So a 100 dollar increase in component costs translates to an over 300 increase in price. No blame Apple .
Apple Watch for sale
Apple And Amazon May Try To Buy The Rights To James Bond
Apple defends the open internet in a letter to the FCC  TechCrunch
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Im having trouble uploading the stolen classified plans Q this device you have me is only compatible with Apple software. 
Honestly I dont think I would take my workout as seriously as I do if I didnt have an Apple Watch. But thats just me.
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Apple
Screw ATT  APPLE
Would you put a ... wait4it... watch on taxes
True. Its one of those designs that never get old. I feel like after the iPhone 5 Apple started to loose their perfectionist designs
RT businessinsider  Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool  
They are business leader merely expressing an opinion  heres one Apple CEO You know all anti capitalist tweet with an iPhone brexit 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
When I die please play that one song  apple bottom jeans boots with da furrrr
Omgggggggggg somebody bring me some apple pie Oreos
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Computer icon heads for Geelong  Bay 93.9 Computer icon heads for
At Morningstar Conference Analysts Ponder If Apple Is Losing Its Moat
idc what anyone says apple bees is good as shit
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
In that case the providers are unlikely to help. Youre better going somewhere like CellphoneDr .
The Apple Byte HD Everything you can expect at Apple s iPhone Event
Ive been walking around the house pretending to sweep singing Whats Happenin for the past 20mins while drinking apple juice... why
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Red Sox Used Apple Watch to Steal Yankees Signs
wow this apple is crisp and fresh
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market AAPL
jollyjellytoys Apple Ride Cute ride for the...
Apple GET A CLARINET EMOJI. GET A CLARINET EMOJI. GET A CLARINET EMOJI. GET A CLARINET EMOJI. GET A CLARINET EMOJI. GET A CLARINET EMOJI. G
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market
Here are butterscotch apple cookies Also more of amazing cookies on this link dreamy foodporn 
Things are getting interesting . . .  Apple  Amazon Join Race for James Bond Film Rights Exclusive
15 Apple iTunes Gift Card
AppleWatch iOS 11 Favorite Features Apple s Entertainment Plans Apple Watch Cheaters   ACM 427  The Mac Obse
Apple issues 5B bond sale to fund capital return program
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Drinking a Space Dust IPA by ElysianBrewing Apple Annies Deli  Pub 
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses  news buzzvero events lastminute reu 
SAI Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Apple And Amazon May Try To Buy The Rights To James Bond
Lool and who knows they can debut their other two songs . Open Arms and 10000 Hours coming to Apple Music  Spotify soon 
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Admittedly Im not too worried about VO shortcuts. People have panicked before and it turned out Apple had done their homework.
Apple s spaceship campus reportedly has rotating elevators
Tim Cook tweeted his support for Apple s Dreamer employees
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1312 27 Intel Core i7 2.93GHz 1TB 8GB RAM Mid 2010
Hell yeah Ever since I cant eat a regular Apple cause Im allergic to them...
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses The Apple Watch which is bound for an update Sept.
Rustic Farmhouse Fall Apple Decor  CREATIVE CAIN CABIN
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses
Hmm BarclaycardUS upgraded my Visa Apple Rewards Card to Visa Signature w Apple Rewards Right before an Apple event. They know.
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch 
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Apple s refusal to approve the Indian governments antispam app angers regulators
Apple
Should be if they had apple watches on
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Are you saying something they dont like. They gave a million dollars to SPLC. To bad I thought Apple could stay out of politics
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple bees
i found an apple music playlist called Sad Danzig 
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event  Macworld Macworld iOS
PRICELIST ITUNES IOS ONLY NOT FOR ANDROID SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE 
Fun post to read before the Apple event next week some good solutions 
Apple IPad Mini 2nd Gen 16GB WiFi ATT UNLOCKED Space Gray Silver White RD Price 189.85 ...
y do i have to pass 40 identity verifications for my Apple ID i been phoneless for two whole days i do NOT plan on going a third
Apple Developer Site Down Perhaps Due to Accounts Being Hacked by Russians
guys they had Apple Cider at Kroger today. i cant explain how excited i am about that
Ross really got a hit with that  Apple of My Eye
As long as these apple pie Oreos are being sold I dont think I will eat another meal again
That they are. Hey herm are you at apple you
I JUST WANTED THE APPLE SAUCE
Apple has got us. Repatriate those tax 
Unpasteurized apple cider vinegar is also a great source of potassium  k  for use in rehydration first aid solutions.
Is that who he learned his parenting skills from
Chugs down a gallon of apple juice.
The new  Apple Macintosh thing wont last.
apple orchard dates...........valley scare..........art museum........walking around mpls.......watching scary movies.........i need a bf...
No matter how high Apple iPhone costs it will surely be selling in millions. They are valued more than computers now.
Someone hmu w some new music please my apple music is dryyyy
My dads exactly the same with crunchy foods though he hates it Like even eating an apple hell get annoyed at people
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses
Is Apple deliberately sabotaging old iPhones before a new release
That seems to be something for Apple support since the Twitter app should not affect your keyboard
The apple makes awesome french toast
Apple switched to Mac 2 years ago. 1st repair today 900. Brutal. Never had a repair over 250 in 20 yrs w PCs. yikes
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
My Apple Music trial ends sept 27th but Demis album comes out sept 29th KSSSJJJ high key getting a job just to buy Apple Music
AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  10 Feet 3 Meters  White
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
If your preference of beer is a Redds Apple Ale or Angry Orchard FOH with your weak ass self.
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
my mom bought me apple cider and pumpkin flavored donuts today from an orchard I am in my happy place
Apple MacBook Air 13.3 A1237A1304 Duo Speaker Assembly
BlueJays Red Sox have been Apple Watching that the Jays catchers suck at throwing out base runners
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
So can only people with apple listen to this cus if so Im fucked
Apple iPhone 6 Plus  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone win 
I dont want ya apple pie mama.
they think apple sauce is something you should eat separately not put on your pork they dont know what theyre doing
Idk who is worse to deal with insurance customer service or Apple customer service... Both become brain dead when you need something
Apple must soar a lot more to top IBM in SP dominance says Howard Silverblatt..
Wonder if I take my phone to apple will they give me a new one
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch The Verge
Apple pie shine with a hit a ginger ale
I asked my professor to help me with something this morning and all she did was compliment my watch and tell me apple sucked
Apple pie blizzard riots. They will start....the yummy goodness must be had by all
NathanZed yooo this song lit let me peak at your apple music because so far all your recommendations are and I need all these gems 
 reply was merely early He mused in amusement before picking himself up just intime to see the man toss the apple back onto an occupied 
I live in an apple household
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple Store at Northbrook Court in Chicago Area Moving This Weekend
APPLE DROPS ITS MUSIC FESTIVAL LIKE A BAD HABIT FOCUSES ON MUSICSTREAMING VENTURES
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
MobileIron adds Apple macOS features to its enterprise mobility management tools
Legal immigrant. Times have changed. People who want to kill Americans should never be allowed to enter the country.
Will I see You  top 9 na Apple Music todays hit Playlist mais bombada da plataforma 
Doesnt this always happen around the time before apple releases their new phones
True. I do use the apple ones at home when not using my huge ass radiostudio ones I have tons of them lying around though
i hate an  apple vs. android debate. truly gets under my skin. let me enjoy my phone tablet  laptop that talk to each other pls
Apple s everchanging relationship to music now skips the festival experience
Apple IPod classic 7th Generation Black 120 GB Price 55.56 View and Buy this item on eBay Ends ...
The Apple Watch got some notoriety this week thanks to the Boston Red Sox
How does apple mess up a bezeless screen. Not sure it the notch at the top is a for sure thing but it sure is ugly.
Well as Apple grew we hired someone who I thought was very talented to run the company with me
Tell him youre stuck between the Apple Os and a PC Hell tell you why Apple is superior for at least 40 mins
I was pretty close to getting one but I stuck with apple .
Vulnerability Spotlight Content Security Policy bypass in Microsoft Edge Google Chrome and Apple Safari
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Green apple still life practice 
We have no idea why anyone would own an Apple Watch without this awesome accessory Maren
Can we please get the original It G Ma on Apple Music
burned 747 calories doing 53 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
im eating a big shin ramyun bowl and drinking apple juice im kind of dying but its cool i guess
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
you are an apple
How can apple try and charge people 1200 for the iPhone when its the same price for a laptopiPad dafuq apple Apple
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market AAPL
Sadly my Note7 was a seed device so it didnt exist in any official inventory. Seriously Samsung 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Display Release on apple CAST
And new deals let Apple leadership focus more on whatever the heck they choose to do in video.
Apple  You Should Already Have Taken iPhone Profits Says Ned Davis...
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watch To Identify Yankees Pitching Signals
Apple users Lust Money  Murder Book 1 is a FREE DOWNLOAD on iBooks 1st in a Series section  click here
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
It would be amazing if Apple uses the camera with Augmented Reality to reinvent the App Store 
Inner Richmonds Green Apple Books Celebrates 50 Years
Why isnt the Jonas Brothers music on Apple Music AppleMusic AppleSupport nickjonas joejonas kevinjonas
im not the one that offered him an apple watch
That tweet was satirical mocking Apple .
My bad. Didnt know it was Samsung.
Apple Music been throwing all the simp music at me today. I PUSHED SHUFFLE MF NOT make me cry
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Thoughts on the Apple Watch and why traditional shopping is sometimes better than online.
What also bothers me is that they were able to play other songs off of STTY at that Apple Music gig but not at any of their other shows
Apple I Phone 7  Hialeah x0024455
Unexpected how easy this was and way cool to see our show up in Apple Podcasts. Well be up on Google Play in the next few days 
Apple s talks wlabels are far less acrimonious than those involving Google Spotify etc. But... Apple still needs new deals.
Just Microsoft  Apple and Google . Maybe it was their statements about defending illegal workers
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Gold Verizon UNLOCKED Smartphone CRACKED WORKS ebay
Boston Red Sox Used Apple Watches to Steal Signs Against Yankees
GA09 s Brunette Family dropped by after their Capitol tour today. Since theyre from Blue Ridge we all agreed its time for apple season. 
I forgot bad apple wars comes out next month so yay
Zuckerberg Our work to India and Japan Live protests Mark be against Apple .Trump says we buy what we build. He is correct. Bring it home
Yea Travis 2 Ribby HR BB Blasteroni  Apple Up 4 Sweet Meals  D LGM
Luke Thomas applauds the Boston Red Sox for finding an actual use for the Apple watch TLTS lthomasnews
businessinsider Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch...
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple watches arent that old
Theres a history of bad blood between the two companies. Apple just doesnt like Samsung. That makes two of us.
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Apple doesnt fall too far from the tree.
My Apple Watch checks my heart beat regularly. And it will send me a message to Breathe when my HR reads high.
businessinsider Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Apple developer site may have been hacked 
Baked Apple Ice Cream Bowls
New Apple Award Winning Short Story Fiction LURKING IN THE SHADOWS by JaidisShaw
Kind of like Apple doing something a bit before its ready esp. reading the rest of the note and taking it at face value.
Ultra Thin Slim TPU Gel Skin Cover Case Pouch for Apple iPhone 7 6 Plus 5 SE
Hahaha. I always get the iPhone the week before Apple jacks up the memory on its newest phone. So Im stuck with this til March.
Everything You Need to Know About the Apple Campus
i paid so much for an apple but michaels gay english voice was worth ir
Apple store for a Samsung Galaxy
apple juice is my favorite but that shit sends me to the bathroom.
When Apple asked for my clothing size so they can order my uniform I literally wanted to cry with happiness I still cant believe it
Wearable tech is the future. So is paying fair taxes. 
I would give up my iPhone in a heartbeat for the Note8. I really miss my Note7...
daca is an unconstitutional law writ by obama to impose child slave labor on minor illegal immigrants for greedy corps. like apple microsoft
Yelps Sneak Peak Holtmans West Chester on Yelp  APPLE . FRITTER. OF. MY. DREAMS
Sorry to say Apple and timcook stick fingers in air and go with the flow. One fascist knows how to spot another
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitchhttpswww.theverge.com20179616264448appleappdeve 
Me I wont be distracted by an Apple Watch itll be great for work Also me stared at a moving jellyfish on my wrist for an hour
My apple is messing my life up be tbh ngl fam lmao
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Apple gets my business from now on no questions asked as they have for the last 10 years. Thanks for being the bests
The apple watch fixed a lot of my org problems. Having the buzzer on my wrist has been really effective at waking me up. YMMV.
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
AppleMusic has closed a new deal w warnermusic  the first domino in Apple label contract talks. Scoop w atbwebb
Bless myself for having subscribed to Apple Music like a month ago.
SQCNetwork Fresh iPhone 8 leak shows how Apple is dealing with the phones...
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple And Google Caught Censoring Joe Rogan Again
ITS FINALLY HERE The apple ejuice you know and love is now grapeafied Reds Apple EJuice Grape is now available from EC Supply Inc. 
Can we get an update on your Adams apple  Why is it there What does it want of women with one Zero...we want the truth
Samsung new patent could spell doom to the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and Android founders Essential phone
RT geoffdeweaver No to DACA  HIRE AMERICANS and stop sending our jobs overseas Apple  Facebook  Google No Illegal aliens 
I forgot my apple watch
cant believe i just actually chipped my tooth because sam hit me with his shit fucking apple watch
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses
WalkieTalkie App Becomes Apple Stores Most Popular As Hurricane Irma Nears IvyUnleashed hurricaneirma miami
Shoutout to my guy Leanne in Apple Support. I appreciate your technological n emotional support. I hope you n your dogs have a great evening 
HBOboxing is there a way to watch ppv events on Apple TV Or hbo go
Surfing dancing other new Apple Watch Workouts tipped in latest iOS 11 beta
Did Apple suffocate this woman for a fun picture 
Apple when will we get a swipe keyboard
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple Reaches Music Deal With Warner Eyes Sony Pact  Bloomberg  business 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team  Mac Rumors
sza why cant I find Childs play w you and chancetherapper on Apple Music
... the warranty expired and then I got the Apple Watch LOL. so Id research about that idk about the Alta though
Dont Expect Apple to Make Any Big Announcements About Video Next Week 
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
The tangled web every time Argh. cellphonecordissues Apple 
Im so tempted... But Im poorpeople because of Apple D
 i am an apple 
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
I like apple pie n sweet potato pie
Cant wait till unboxtherapy gives us a peek under the hood apple iphone iphone8 ios mac 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple Recruits Veteran Execs to Join Growing TV Unit  Variety
Apple pie moonshine
it would be clutch if every apple product was compatible with one charger.
why am i not included 
New post  Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
5 They are distributors of Apple  Dell Microsoft HP Samsung Sony Lenovo Panasonic and all major brands of electronics.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
NairbELMNOP So it costs Apple 70 more for the OLED screen so they charge us 300500 more to make up for the loss Makes no sense
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Its sad cuz they have the lyrics on their apple watch....no reason to fail
Cue the studios left shaken and stirred puns when Apple or Amazon succeeds in getting the Bond franchise.
Bible Diet Bible Diet An Apple a Day Book 1 by J Parker
Huawei takes second place and surpasses Apple in Global Smartphone Sales huawei
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit
Apple Music Segwaying The Reynolds Pamplet to Naughty Girl has got to be one of the funnier things thats happened with my music
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
One chart shows Apple dominating the smartwatch market
iOS 11 FAQ Apple releases public beta 9 just one week before its September iPhone 8 event
Well this is officially my best moment as an Apple Watch photographer. SunsetRock 
Healthy Wealthy  Smart by Dr. Karen Litzy PT DPT on Apple Podcasts
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Hurricanes Are Our Fault Because a Woman Once Ate An Apple Ark KenHam ArkEncounter
Apple legit replaced my phone for free for being a first responder. Idk how they knew I did what I did. But man. Mad respect.
VIDEO 170906 Apple .B for E.NewsTV Woochuchu freshly Apple .B debut refreshsweet appeal charm like apple 
Or Apple could absorb the costs I swear to God Apple can do no wrong to you freaks
Apple hires four more veteran video executives to join its TV unit On the heels of reports
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch...
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Organix Organic Muesli Banana Peach and Apple 200 g Pack of 4  6.68 
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch theverge
 AAPL  Apple Reaches Music Deal With Warner Eyes Sony Pact
WalkieTalkie App Becomes Apple Stores Most Popular As Hurricane Irma Nears IvyUnleashed
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Yes but a smart watch industry dominated by Apple . Hard to separate the two.
Apple be trying it .. Imma still get it but these mfs get on my nerves
Thats pretty sad that an Apple MacBook cost lower then an iPhone
Four More TV Execs Join Apple s Video Content Team  Mac Rumors
an apple a day... is 7 apples a week.
Sick girl uses Apple s Siri to save her family from raging floodwaters of Hurricane Harvey  The Sun 
Just holds a purple apple out to Marc ahhhh
Apple . Those jobs could have gone to legal immigrants. Or citizens
Red Sox Cheating Scandal Highlights Apple Watchs Illicit Uses  New York Times
Apple dodged a serious bullet by not relying on Intel  via themotleyfool
Apple developer accounts briefly showed Russia addresses in an unidentified glitch
So yall dropping the iPhone 8 because my iPhone 7 been acting like its about to get replaced
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
I send a Sharpie. Draw an apple on your forehead  insist on being called Malo. Bc youre called what we see  everythings cooler in Latin.
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Apple AirPods Giveaway still going in Enter to Win  Retweet Technology Contest ThursdayThoughts
USE CLEAN Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop EARLY 2015 2.2GHz i7 8GB 256SSD
anybody else got a fire playlist on Apple Music wush poppin
I want a McDonalds apple pie
Get outta my head Apple  
I thought same but he has a new Samsung j3 prime. Not apple .
Apple should really endorse me im just saying.
NYC DOING BIG THINGS IN THE BIG APPLE ... realjaemansa kareemwiththebars GreenEyedSlime 
Good to see the one and only Rotten Apple banging out tweets. Lets roll this season Floss Panthers
I would but I wouldnt expect anything else from you my smart little apple
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
i dont think anyone understands how happy i am that i got my apple music back
Sorry for delay ticket number is 2201602 obliged if you can confirm if the increase is via Apple or it this a Phishing attempt. Thanks
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform by Macworld Staff via Macworld
There are clothes dryers that take Apple Pay. Canada I want my coinfree laundromats. 
Arrow casts Slade Wilsons son  and the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Reformat report in Apple Pages by tomley12s
Now We Know Why Apple Gave Such Strong Guidance
Loved your apple cake Peeps check out JasonJangyWang Facebook page  Like it while youre there
Remember that time i was an idiot and left my twitter on at the Apple Store.. that was so funny Im gonna find the tweets later
Apple s Greg Joswiak Siri Wasnt Engineered to Be Trivial Pursuit  Mac Rumors
Have some Apple Brick wisdom 
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Why are pigs always killed while eating an apple 
Salted Chocolate Apple Bites
DAZNCA great quality from your guys Apple TV app..... 
I always feel brand new when I have my apple slices in a sandwich bag
Anybody in my near circle have a paid Apple dev account  willing to sign a Kodi install for my personal use 
tech News irma iPhone VR 1 Apple iPhone8 AppleEvent indiedev indiegame PS4 XXL Android music HeyDJ Samsung user figures
I want a caramel apple
Is the apple alive Day 2... 
Apple Valley Varsity Boys Soccer falls to Lakeville North 41.
I cant wait for the Apple iPhone 8 .. I got a 7 now ... LOVE IT
He also argued that he was too overwhelmed and inexperienced to show better judgement Well THAT apple didnt fall far from the tree.
So exited to me learning new music shit in college the goal is to make a full 1015 track album by 2019 on Spotify  Apple music
Soooo why I washed my Apple TV remote  dried that bihhh
Now We Know Why Apple Gave Such Strong Guidance themotleyfool stocks investing  AAPL AppleEvent AppleNews
Floral pear fruit forward green Apple  crisp. Excell. Wine from BartonGuestier via Vivino 
Sweet That is also my birthday as well Thanks for picking the awesomest day ever
Im already disappointed that Bill Bilichick didnt come out wearing an Apple Watch. NFL
Apple  citing U.S. Sanctions removes popular Apps in Iran
Fuck the big Apple
He works at Apple music
Im glad you heard and so sorry to hear Do you know if any of the other houses are still standing in Little Apple Bay
Apple dont fall too far from the tree
Im with you me want sour apple
Stfu. You picked a bad apple
People gonna go nuts when Apple reveal they new products
Report of Production Glitches for the Newest Apple iPhone
Fuck was Apple thinking with this dumbass port
Is the apple alive Day 2... 
Coz new phones are just coming out susnaman  Huawei overtakes Apple in global smartphone market for the first time
Why is Belichick wearing a Apple Watch KCvsNE
Apple are you telling me I cant use my 200 logic pro program in your new OS... youre joking right YOU EXPECT YOUR CUSTOMERS TO REBUY 
Apple needs to get it together
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Hey Apple  this is a little late but by far the buggiest like by 10x app on my iPhone is your Phone app. Really Surely u can do better
That seemed like an extreme response honestly
Apple Distinguished Inspiration AppleEDU  Curious about how to become an Ap  
Nature been giving free foods. Humans just abusing this grace. One apple producing more than 250 apples. Do the Maath
Kentfield Scouts apple trees cut down at Kent Middle School
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
So now all of a sudden none of these iPhone chargers I have work. Apple really think they slick
Need a Apple Watch but they be taxing for it lol
Curse you apple
the apple store employee who told me my macbook hard drive is failing was extremely hot. overall this appointment has been a mixed bag
How Apple paid just 0.005 tax on its profits these scumbags are primary owners of US treasuries as wellcollusion
applewatch Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Concrete Sport Band  MNNJ2LLA 
Apple The Americana at Brand just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple  159 Eley Road Massage Burwood. No Phone
This feature is so cool
iOS explained How each version of Apple s mobile OS evolved
applewatch Deal Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Concrete Sport Band  MNNJ2LLA
This sounds perfect I would have totally had an apple and some cheese and a toast. But it became a thing
Amrezyyy APPLE CIDER VINEGAR I use it religiously Its supposed to be diluted with water but i just apply it straight with a cotton ball
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
I thought that when I resubscribed my Apple Music all my music would still be there.... but its not
Congratulations to the Apple Valley Girls Swim Team. They set a new pool record in the 200 medley relay. 15304 Against Eastview.
is the apple even including namjoons birthday bc thats an important event too
1 I hope its crown apple and 2 bro get out of there asap no rocky
Apple Developer website taken offline due to software borkage
128GB iPhone 6S Apple Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone 2GB128GB 12MP
One day I will be there for the LivingLegend in the Big Apple . Where you spread your talents. Once you stop doing Sunday nights.
Apple can you please make a piece where I can charge my phone and listen to music this is getting old
Apple needs too bring back the feature where you can charge ya phone and have ya headphones in at the same time
iOS explained How each version of Apple s mobile OS evolved
Apple Leak Reveals iPhone 8 Nasty Surprises
I just want a hot apple cider from biggby and some white chocolate covered pretzels
Oh I mean its not Apple I distrust. For folks that worry about civil liberties a PIN is something you know...protected by 5th amendment.
SamsClub Can you please start carrying Core Organic Variety Pack and Martinellis Apple Juice in Overland Park Kansas 
Thank you  Apple s Greg Joswiak Siri Wasnt Engineered to Be Trivial Pursuit  MacRumors
A reimagining of A River Runs Through It set in an apple orchard.
The true homie
We have a great App in the App store called Apple Support. Lets give this a try.
Seducing apple ... morning 
Going to disagree with Chuck. Of all the things science has given us new apple varieties that arent dry and mealy are in the top 5.
Apple Leak Reveals iPhone 8 Nasty Surprises Read more
Accounts Assistant job at Apple Resourcing UK Ltd  Chessington
Ha they even used the British plural verb conjugation for Apple . Duh.
Why the apple emoji
TONKINESE CAT 1 HARD CASE COVER FOR APPLE IPAD MINI 4
TONKINESE CAT 1 HARD CASE COVER FOR APPLE IPHONE 4  4S
TONKINESE CAT 1 HARD CASE COVER FOR APPLE IPHONE 5  5S  5SE
TONKINESE CAT 1 HARD CASE COVER FOR APPLE IPHONE 5C
TONKINESE CAT 1 HARD CASE COVER FOR APPLE IPHONE 6  6S
OreoOS looks good New emojis new status bar and more all looks sweet. Enjoy the box emojis apple peeps antiapple
Apple I have problem with my ipod sometimes and they dont really sell cool cases for my iPod
RT Mysty15Vee  RT ShinobiEgypt Apple one hundred sixty nine. MAYWARD OR NOTHING PushAwardsMayWards
My mind is being blown by the leaf shadow on top of this apple . o
Apple  another badger
Apple  Google Enter the AR Fray Augmented reality AR can be implemented in a number of ways. One of the primary 
So let me guess my iPhone will stop working around September 11 and Ill be forced to pay for a new phone with features Ill never use
USE CLEAN Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop EARLY 2015 1.6GHz i5 8GB 256SSD
Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Internal Smartphone  Space Gray
Fitness App Streaks Workout Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple iPhone 5c  16GB  Blue Factory UnlockedSmartphone
You watch your mouth when you talking about my girl DrissaKerbs Or else.. 
Apple Music today Spotify to come...whats next
Apple Leak Reveals iPhone 8 Nasty Surprises
princessnokia 1992 Deluxe not on Apple music I only see singles 
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
Youre very welcome
Apple Music is 4.99 dude
I believe in fair and clean sport that why I dont run with an Apple Watch RedSox cheaters
thank you apple ily
...yeah but anyway man I hope that iPhone 8 finally show us who be screen shotn our text like Apple been saying they was gone come out with
The Red Sox used an Apple Watch to steal signs from the Yankees 
I need an new phone mine isnt working anymore and my tablet is barely working even my apple watch isnt working well BUT I AM BROKE
Im pretty upset that Golden Girl is not on Apple Music.
Need that new Apple Watch bro. I dont think I can upgrade my phone
No problem
redesigned apple s mail app and went overboard and wrote an article about it. here it is. kinda proud. 4 days work.
stop being wild erion eating an apple
Listen to the panel live on ABC Extra
Ya piss been looking like apple juice why you need water now 
Apple because its user friendly
Apple
Some tips for creating a unique pie crust. Have you entered the Apple Pie Contest at Woodland Park Day Deadline...
Yeah Ill stick with the older model
Release Pounds of Toxins From Your Body with this 3Ingredient Apple Ginger Lemon Colon Cleanse Juice
No thank you Apple . I am not interested in paying 100 for an iPad case because the last one you sold me is already falling apart.
3 Apple Moves For Field Service Companies To Watch
The Big Apple is sheltering many Floridians who got out and away from Irma including me Thank you NYC 
In goes an apple .
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human  WIRED
And beer...crown royal apple ..straight or with whipped vodka and sprite...it tates lime cream soda...
Apple is charging 10001200 for the new iPhone 8....do they think Im going to give them that much money for a phone Because I am 
still salty there isnt a ginger emoji yet....... Apple Google whoeverthefuckisincharge FIXTHIS
http goo.glCQryvf iPhone 8 Shortages Could Cause Nightmare For Apple Store Employees
Hawaii natives NYC design firm flourishes in the Big Apple
these are my favorite emojis that Apple added to the collection. I hope they come with more bomb shit
Welcome ... Muyh Random tweeet is  Apple is the best ...  The PugDot Team
Definitely loving my Apple Watch
Perfect Its usually because you have the same Apple ID on two phones so be sure to check that 
I dont care about buying the next iPhone I dont need to have the latest model to fit in and not feel like a dork Good luck though
nowplaying Mrs. GREEN APPLE  WanteD WanteD
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Hello from an iPhone Finally got my iPhone back iPhone Apple iOS
Classic always walk with an apple
BlockchainTechnology Opinion Software Startups How Apple and Google Marketplaces are Killing Innovation and
Right I see Annoyingly years ago smiggle had a version for quite cheap just USB but Ive already got the apple converter but no more
Redesigning Apple s Mail App for Myself
The phone that could kill Apple and Samsung  The New Daily
RT briamor BlacYoungstaFB can you put Booty on Apple Music  about to 
this looks like the hottest apple pie commercial ever made
but i would still like to know about those kinds of things theres a better way apple
We need more iMessage effects Apple
princessnokia finally the project is on Apple Music. Been bumpin it HEAVY from January tho
Sweater weather is my favorite hot coffee mornings cabin socks and apple scented candles are calling my name rn
Did they put it on their apple watches too
Between Caramel Apple Dreamz and this secondary project we are working on I NEED A NAP experiencethedreamz 
Please help AIDAN WOODS win an Apple iPad mini. See how easy it is to help AIDAN.
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Back to the apple gang
Ive learned over these past few days that the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
ClarkCountySch CityOfLasVegas CNLV collaborate to promote grade level reading through APPLE CORE strongfuturelv 
Dont let the beginning of the NFL season distract you from the fact that the Red Sox used Apple Watches to steal signs
Someone plz send me apple cider donuts from county line
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
This means Apple Music and Netflix gotta team up for the greater good
Apple sells more debt to fund buybacks dividends  The Australian Financial Review 
Apple cider vinegar changing lifes 
Waiting..
apple 
Had the IPhone 1st edition in 07 ready for the 10th anniversary appleready
I feel you Genius Bar dog. Apple Upper West Side
I did. I ate an apple remember
get u man who gets excited about apple pay
Event Specialist job at Compeer Financial  Apple Valley
Apple Cider Slushie
Hell is like gravity. It doesnt matter if you believe in it or not you stand under the apple tree long enough  you will get conked.
Apple Inc.  AAPL Stock Is Rotting on Cloud Nine
Apple Inc. To Debut New iPhones Next Week  ValueWalk ValueWalk Apple 
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
I peeled off part of an avocado and ate it like an apple . Im not saying its nice like that I wouldnt be a huge fan but I was hungry.
Its about time I get Apple Music
Apple can say they have the best IPS displays on a smartphone but I dont think they could say that for OLED since Samsung holds that title
GOLDEN CT  the boy with the apple  lofi hiphop  audio.visual 
ArtinGeneral Only with a leaf can I talk of the forest  Visar Zhiti The Condemned Apple  Selected Poetry 
PSA College students Apple music is only 5 when you verify your student email
went grocery shopping  I bought pumpkin creamer pumpkin loaf from the bakery section ghost sugar cookies and Carmel apple lollipops. 
I wanna see an Apple Watch that does not have to be connected via Bluetooth
You gonna have some gas later
Rt RT MiamiDadeEM Download the Florida 511 app for Apple  Android devices to get access to vital roadway info du
Youre saying it like you guys werent caught using Apple watches
Apple Care 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black ATT Smartphone win 
Working on the bags and dreaming of The Big Apple This is fresh screen art in the Humboldt
wave. Its Joker or have you forgotten Now he gets up swiftly takes his apple off the tray before tossing the
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Pink ATT Smartphone win 
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
sza how come Z is no longer on apple music I need answers
Nothing can make me feel as good as Apple Watch congratulating me for standing. 
Wendys this receipt should really read Apple Full because there were no pecans in my bag when I got home 
THIS IS THAT APPLE . heirloomapple 
iTunes Apple Music Spotify
And this is event for
Love your Apple  Here is a way to love Microsoft Office on your Mac. Hand made my interns MicrosoftVan in the MSFTGarage
but i was craving the apple ......
Apple  were going to need new servers iPhone8 AppleEvent iPhone 
Google might be turning into the iPhone fr hahah. Im telling all you google is about to buy apple in the next decade
all i want in life is a caramel apple
Glossy gloss  glitter gloss. Remover Then nutmeg caramel apple  Bella black berry  nude
Im on Apple s stream
I honestly still dont know how she knows. I think Apple snitched on me or something 
The Today at Apple  playlist on AppleMusic is a great way to discover new music. Its all the songs being played in Apple retail stores.
um. expect a Pro price. especially with extra cores and ram i.e. the stuff you really need
Thanks
i wish u could listen to previews of songs without apple music
Guess Apple needs to make a Find my AirPods function.
Real annoyed with apple and all these app updates. They really want us to purchase the new iPhone 8.
Apple is so frustrating. Im still waiting on my phone but at least I have something else I can use. You dont really
Huawei has surpassed Apple as the worlds second largest smartphone brand
stevewoz where as the Apple II was a huge step in consumerlevel computers what do you see the next step being
Ottawa teens lowcost smartphone to take on Apple  Samsung
Black Beauty  Black Beauty Apple  Black Beauty Book Art  3D Apple  
Huawei has surpassed Apple as the worlds second largest smartphone brand
Its Carmel apple season and this is one of the few reasons why I like this weather.
Sorry Apple is closed
sabakuch music App ver 3.1 Get unlimited songs Android
Apple is hiring Devops Engineers and MongoDB consultants in Sunnyvale and Cupertino CA job MongoDB  NoSQL
Well isnt stupid to buy an Apple Watch in the first place RedSox
I really need an iPad Pro and an Apple Pencil if Im going to keep up with this industry illustrator soundinvestment
Dont need a PlayStation. Can subscribe via Apple TV firestick and roku etc as I understand
Thanks
Apple s Greg Joswiak Siri Wasnt Engineered to Be Trivial Pursuit
I can do this. I can do this. I CAN DO THIS LogicProX GettingStarted Music Apple NewProject songwriting Goals Dreams DIY 
apple TV  yuck
Stop your BS rite now. You work 4 Trump. Im sure you have plenty money to buy that Apple headphone which of coz w Apple phone  healthcare.
TBT to SCAMS Curtis Orchard 2015. Social committee is meeting on Thursday 921 to plan our next apple picking pumpkin patch trip 
When will the new iPhone iOS update be available
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
fiona apple is THAT bitch
Chicken kale and green apple salad with peanut dressing plated platedpics 
ApplePay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
I just switched frm iPhone7plus 2 galaxys8 and love it I still love apple I have imac 2017 and MacBook air I just dont like iPhone anymore
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch
damn is that right bro we never Had A Hood Mob Show in L.A. My Shit Drop SEPTEMBER 15TH PRE ORDER TONIGHT APPLE MUSIC
Top 2 App downloads on Apple Store right now.... 1 GasBuddy 2 Zello. Granted... I have always had gas...
apple or android THIS IS THE FRIENDSHIP TEST WOLFY. THIS IS WETHER I BE LIKE WHATS UP MY NIGGA OR HI FRIEND AT WORLDS TYPE SHIT
Thank YOU
googles random symptoms curelife hacks Google Use apple cider vinegar UGHH
There is no excuse for Intl Gamepass to not be supported on Apple TV yet. Season starts today Nebulion dropped the ball. nflcommish
what Aaliyah album would like if it was on Apple Music Today Aaliyah TeamAaliyah AaliyahRedAlbum 
So do promotes tweets not count as tweets They promote stuff ALL THE TIME but still have zero tweets.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
MY FUCKING BEATS HEADPHONES BROKE SO NOW I HAVE TO USE THE CRUSTY ASS APPLE ONES
Just had my first caramel apple today huge fan
Going farther then you ever will with your pos father and mother. Apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Text me when you graduate
The Apple Festival originally scheduled for Friday September 8 is canceled due to the weather forecast.
Apple Backed Billionaire Gou Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit  Bloomberg
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 A1311 Core i5 2.5GHz 1TB HD 8GB RAM OSX El Capitan 10.11
You too my fucking cinnamon apple honey crisp bar
Can I ask you to restart your phone by holding the lock and home button until you see the Apple logo please 13
I hate how my phone autocorrects lolo into LOLOL Like Im not tryna laugh I just want to talk about my grandpa Apple needs to chill
Fruit cant be racist but yeah I get it
Apple Watch 2 5 Months Later  Still Worth It 
Great job on the forecast. I dont think the rain and windy icons really tell the story. Come on Apple . 
Apple Backed Billionaire Gou Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit  Bloomberg
OpenBox Excellent Apple  Macbook  12 Display  Intel Core M3  8GB Memo...
Boy Bath Bombs Girl Bath Bom Bunny Bath Fizzers Green Apple Sc
I think maybe just maybe grunge is back found you guys on Apple Music awesome soundtrack for my weekend
TheNextWeb Sheriff that threatened Apple CEO is now terrifying disaster victims on Twitter  
Someone trapped you in peanut butter and caramel and trapped you in an apple  Dont worry Ill save you 9
SlingTV app just soils its pants  locks up. I bought the Shield for OTA DVR  NAS streaming but may look to Apple TV for that functionality
Hard Southern Apple Pie ice cream is here and hard Pumpkin Pie coming tomorrow
Early Thursday evening in the Big Apple . Mets MLB 
Google bouta run the world fosho. Next they might try to buy apple
it probably wont be apple caramel but IT WILL BE DELISH
Idk the Granny Smith Apple green ones are pretty good.
GameStop PLEASE FIX YOUR APPLE APP I miss being able to track my preorders. 
My business associate returning she was with TMobile 4 12yrs  only left because at that x Apple wasnt releasing iPhones 2 ur stores
The part that has me confused though is that Tim Cook personally doesnt like OLED but I read that Apple is doing it due to market pressure
Im gonna be really angry if directvnow blacks out nbc during the game on Apple TV.
I wonder who Caro is gonna give her apple to guys
no Ayou cannnOt do that Lemme get an apple
Go support ClubTales Out on Apple Music now killacarlito came thru with this one
u want apple sauce on that
With Xcode 9 still in beta Im starting to wonder if iOS 11 will even get released on Tuesday. Apple sure is cutting it close this year
davezatz Petition Allow Leo Laporte to Attend Apple Events. Twit Army do your part.
We bake from 4 generations of family recipes. Two of them are Becky Grasleys Moms Apple 
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch Report
Your girl loves caramel apple cider 
Post Workout Smoothie 1 Apple . 12 Banana to me  12 Banana into Smoothie. 12 Avocado
If facial recognition is primary authentication on iPhone 8 and its fallible will support for Apple Pay start to unravel
Why isnt Maria Im drunk on Apple Music Im so late
Apple  Microsoft vow to shield DACA employees urge new law over tax reform 
Eli Apple would be a good upgrade a CB even tho he is a Giant
El Aura Humana  William Walker Atkinson Book Lithuania Apple
Caramel Apple Crumb Bars apples baking dessert saltedcaramel fall
Apple Backed Billionaire Gou Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit  Bloomberg
Yo I be eating tf out my daughters apple sauce and goldfish lol
I just want to give people my money
Apple my iPhone is on the beta program and is currently on iOS 11 but I cant connect to the App Store.....going on for almost a month
Im off in ten minutes fuck apple
funny how you didnt like it when I tweeted it last month
I want an Apple Watch
APPLE Production Glitches Sour New iPhone Rollout...
Maybe we should call for a complete and total shutdown of the internet until we can figure out what is going on.
Sheriff that threatened Apple CEO is now terrifying disaster victims on Twitter
For sure
Im pretty sure all these reports are going to turn out inaccurate. Last minute leak detection traps set by Apple Sec... or just link bait.
Every apple product
Regardless of whether or not I agree with what you said look at the other responses. You made the first actual case for Apple
RT trendauditor  Apple event causes drop in porn traffic now that is unreal
I wear my Apple Watch a lot less now which helps. I also deleted every social app except twitter.
Apple MFI Certified Lightning to USB Charger Cable BlitzWolf 3.3ft Braided Charger and D
Its just a scam to get money out of people. New phones give you more gimmicks nothing really of value. Just keep your old phone
If banks agreed to support Apple Pay because of its strong auth TouchID can Apple unilaterally replace TouchID with facial rec
hi yes hello welcome to the apple store so what kind of apple u want we got red green
Apple Music deleted all my music
wheres my apple  Stolen like you stole that pomegranate
Apple has lost its position as the secondbiggest smartphone maker in the world
Well the apple doesnt fall far from the tree in the brains dept
Why isnt the B.E.D. remix on Apple Music Jacquees 
Huawei Surpasses Apple as the Worlds Second Largest Smartphone Brand 
BacktoSchool is in full swing and these Lil Snapper Apple Turkey Cheese Kabobs are perfect for a fun lunch idea
For Android
Take an inside look at Apple s secret athletic performance lab.
Grilled cheese whole apple sauce cup all veggie straws and a little Debbie zebra cake 1 cake... we might have a growth spurt soon.
Download Streetseeker app on Apple GooglePlay
Chic Fall Apple Cider Cocktail Recipe
Love you cinnamon apple
Apple and LG Finalising OLED Deal for 2019 iPhone
I bought chips  hummus today. Also apple juice. I bought enough snacks to last me 2 hours.
They are afraid to upset the apple cart  no balls
Shure Apple Pro Audio Equipment  Buy Compare  Review  Adorama
Check out Virgin Mobile Blue Apple IPhone 5c16GB  Smartphone
Great huh apple iphone5 iphone6 
Because Im stuck in the cycle of Apple . Move to a different phone and trust me I want one Ill have to lose everything
Oh man  ever since I discovered it I found so much pleasure in deleting the iTunes Apple Podcasts app. ozpod2017
OpenBox Certified Apple  Macbook  12 Display  Intel Core M5  8GB Memo...
I was going to apply for a position at Apple  but Im not going to bother
The iPhone 8 Giveaway  StackSocial
Me too. Very clean ios. I love it
i got apple music boss
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Get the latest news coming out of the top tech companies including Apple  Google Amazon Facebook Twitter and Microsoft. Find out all abo
Now We Know Why Apple Gave Such Strong Guidance via FOX BIZ
6 things to expect from the Apple iPhone 8 event
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
cubagoodingjr Apple Valley represent 
Tech Apple 1 Mac  irma macOS MacBook indiedev VR 3D ML music art Where theres a will theres a way
cutting an apple with a butter knife on a mini plate on youre dorm room desk is a real challenge
How did Apple make SIri sound more human
N26Support any update on when Apple Pay will be available in France 
my right earbud stopped working too i just position it up instead of down and the side speaker still works  apple earpods
And why did Apple  Facebook and Google give Mils to them Offshore Accra
Walmart apple  and amazon all curved me smh
The Apple Photos Book for Photographers Derrick Storys Guide to Making You Productive 
Thank You Id love for you to send me a new iphone since mine playing tricks on me. iOnlyuseIphones
I brought an apple to eat at work and Im so sad I cant do this I want Taco Bell
We now accept Apple Pay apple pay  Bytecoin will be accepted next bytecoin
cannot connect to apple id server
I honestly need to find out if Im getting the Apple Watch iPhone or laptop this year
Cool story bro
projection apple doesnt fall far from the tree
APPLE SEASON
Freshpicked apple crisp in the oven and this...fall mode. Altho... Staghorn Octoberfest
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 6s 6 5s 16GB 32 64 128GB Unlocked Verizon at
apple simply because ive never used an android
Apple in urgent need of finding iPhone OLED supplier besides Samsung
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
360WiseNews  Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
Things will eventually converge a bit. With Microsofts design they could use the same SVG mask  color that Apple uses for the Touch Bar
Apple Cider is now available 
Apple in urgent need of finding iPhone OLED supplier besides Samsung
RI3 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP0D2LLA
Funky Filtered Apple Loops packs available now introductory offer 9.99 for Vol 1  2
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
MacBook Repair Lndn Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Another reason we should increase spending on public education  these students in NYC will now learn better. Putting the in Big Apple .
iPad Pro Photo Mockup Set  7 PSD has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and ... 
Apple Backed Billionaire Gou Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit  Bloomberg
The Guy Who Made His Own iPhone 6 Just Put A Headphone Into The iPhone 7
I wonder if Sean will go apple picking with me so I can make us apple crisp
Im sure theyll all have their Apple watches on. BawstonSports
WoahLolDid he really say incompetent I meanat least hes honest then I guess apple and tree and all ...
Thanks to Apple  thecloud for making the transition to my new phone seamless. 
Apple and Amazon reportedly among bidders for James Bond movie rights verge
cant wait for this apple release date i need to know when im getting a new phone
Pom pom apple tree craft
Relish fall with these apple pie recipes
He is his fathers son after all. The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
200RT APPLE
I highly recommend the carmel apple spice drink from Starbucks
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
Go listen to TheTideNaked on Spotify iTunes and Apple Music. You wont regret it TheTideAustin TheTideDrew TheTideLevi TheTideNate
BASEBALL Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch
Were looking for help getting my cousin Katie  her husband from West End Tortola in Little Apple Bay to STT for evac to US sambranson
Hey NYC were coming for ya Were SO excited to be heading to the Big Apple this fall for CreateGood . Deets
BASEBALL Red Sox cheated using Apple Watch
Hey podcasts are you ready to dive into the metrics with the new Apple analytics AdExchanger
This gone be on apple music or you putting this on mixtape sites
Apple patent describes using backlight to strobe to music and to act as safety light for runners  9to5Mac
My iPhone been tripping smh smh apple yall wrong
I need a coon emoji or raccoon thank you Apple
Im looking forward to seeing whats new and how the Apple Watch and iPhone differ from now.
Thanks to everyone at Apple Holler this morning for giving us a tour of the apple orchard and family farm....
APPLE WATCH GIVEAWAY
BOYS MSHSL LNHSPanthersAD Final score Lakeville North 42 Apple Valley
Its no milkshake but this apple pie will work for now. Lol
I need to do another Apple Cider Vinegar Coffee Scrub. I literally feel flawless after
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
Thx cant wait
They have 1500 different jerseys for sale. Its staggering.
1000.00 phones Thanks. Im good.
Just found these two. Hope it helps One on left as you look at screen Windows or right is Apple Mac. Let me know if you get stuck. 
Apple Backed Billionaire Gou Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit  Bloomberg
ThursdayThoughts if Apple made a car would it have Windows
im feeding myself some crackers and an apple ....its 1 am....
Awesome applelife thank you
Yes Fuck that shit.. half ginger half apple piece of shit Papaya can suck it too
Finally damn
Just landed back home and Id stab someone in the neck for an apple pie.
Apple should really integrate Apple Music with Alexa.
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Apple charger
Apple Starts Spamming iPhone iPad Users with iOS 11 Teasers
My cousin Katie is stranded without foodshelterwater in West End Tortola in Little Apple Bay. We heard from her  complete devastation.
2 theyre all the ones Ive had this year that have broken
Apple Season Starts in Vermont.
If only Apple music had known her weakness...
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
Its finally here Everyone listen to TheTideNaked on Spotify Apple Music TheTide TheTideAustin TheTideNate TheTideDrew TheTideLevi 
Download our Mo2Go Wallet App. It is available for free through the Apple App Store and Google Play Store.
So my wife and I buyrent movies on our Apple TV. Our son can watch and play and run and so on. He distracts no one but himself.
I just want pasta from apple bees
The Delicious Apple Cider Vinegar Drink Youll Want To Sip For Daily GutHealing
Apple are cheeky uno as soon as they have a big event announced which will launch the iPhone 8 my 6s starts bugging out
Chefs from BHTavernChi are doing an apple cake demo just in time for fall at GreenCityMarket presented by CrateandBarrel  GCMatthePark 
Except no snake could never tempt us with an apple . God can grow a forbidden beer tree and get back to me.
Support my bro on this one Apple of my eyes out now .....Listen now on sound cloud
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
22 tiny fraction of the obscene profits Apple makes and barely enough to subsist let alone live in dignity.
BOYS Apple Valley scores with 20 seconds left making it Panthers 42 Eagles
I just spent 8 minutes trying to give Apple 12.99. I get the need for security but there comes a point...
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch  WSJ
Top story New World Notes Apple Initially Rejects AntiTrump Game for Being 
gtbynum wants to bring amazon to Tulsa  Yes please Like I always say Bynum is like Steve Jobs when he came back to Apple  
How many ears do you have
The iPhone 8 may be Apple s riskiest design yet  BGR
Homemade chili and apple crisp Oh yeah Feels like fall
Excited for the Apple keynote next week even though Im prob not buying anything lol
Go listen to TheTideNaked on Spotify iTunes and Apple Music. You wont regret it TheTideAustin TheTideDrew TheTideLevi TheTideNate
Something to ponder Why are Apple s products so confusing They ignore design principles
Currently in Apple ValleyMn
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
Hoping to get my phone fixed oops crackedup Apple The Greene in Beavercreek OH
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
How to Get your App Featured by Apple and Google 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Buying an Apple Watch was such a waste of money tbh
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Pork Chops With An Apple Cider Sauce And Roasted.
DONT YOU DARE BRING UP THE APPLE TURNOVER
This latest ios beta is unusable. Argh. apple
All these disasters happening cuz Eve ate the apple smh
No Problem Cant wait 
When Apple tweets you with a automatic response
I hate capitalism apple just wants me to buy a new phone
Over two years without starbucks target or Apple . Havent missed a thing.
Of course Apple would take out my 15 for reef when I got 30 dollars to my name there goes my Chem homework lol
Yall sending me a phone
Yea they did They asked if you are on Spotify showed Apple Music I told them that you were about to blow up  they could say they met ur
Mood Fiona Apple  Why Try To Change Me Now
Its because hes pretty and fair. Any pretty and fair boys reminds him of his boy
Tom and Bill will be wearing Apple watches for tonights game
HAHA serves me right for replying to an Apple tweet..... Oy twitter STILL isnt good at sarcasm. Its 2017 folks. Get. It. Together.
I hate fuccin with apple mane. Do anybody know how to use a gift card you got stored in your wallet in the iTunes Store
Seems plenty of room if youre only talking about a baseball stadium now and if you dont build an idiotic Apple Park  Epic style campus.
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
Thats a Good Apple
Using Apple Watches to steal signs AP baseball writer Ben Walker explains what the Red Sox were reportedly up to
Apple encountered production problems for the new iPhone and may experience limit... via launchticker
Apple why did you hang up on me
A Songbirds Journey by Nia Simmons on Apple Music
Its an ad. On twitter. We got it even though we dont follow or buy Apple junk
so my phone died last night hasnt turned on since even after charging it the whole day  apple support is being completely useless 
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
eating a fat ass green apple this mf smackin lbvs.
Whats worse than finding a worm in your apple  The Holcmust.
Its weird that I cant see any tweets at all on your actual profile  TwitterSupport
Londons iconic Battersea Power Station will be Apple s new UK headquarters
Hold down upper case  Apple key then press 4. Windows UC  Control key. You get round circle with cross or camera. Scroll over area.
A child picked up an apple from the ground  bit into it. Ew he said  cast it out of the garden. A snake chased after the fruit. ThePush
I have apple music. So idk how preorder works. I think i just wait till album drops to download it
Apple cuz your way more baller with an iPhone
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
my favorite thing is walking around wrestlers while wearing my apple valley stuff and seeing the looks they give me
I get a free iPhone
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
miss my fkn cinnamon apple
MLB Red Sox reportedly used Apple Watch to steal Yankees signs  Los Angeles Times 
 AAPL Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV. Now on
People still watch this
i cant wait to see how many people drop it
21savage WHEN IS ALL THE SMOKE FINNA BE ON APPLE MUSIC. IM TIRED OF HAVING TO GO ON YOUTUBE TO LISTEN TO IT.
i wake up and all the apple juice gone im sick
Im so vulnerable without my watch on. I hate it my steps and movement wont even count Apple Watch walk to meeeee
I stay loyal to Spotify cuz they freed us from Apple
Apple Watch and Apple AirPods
Oh no
Apple Chicken Salad on a Stick with Honey Mustard are so easy Get the kidsinthekitchen to help make them AD
TWB Podcast Apple Roundup Driverless lyft HighTech Helmets Eskin
Put her music on Spotify and Apple Music
Redds Apple Ale is pretty good. I wouldnt call it a football beer though.
Only because I love tech but apple products no thanks 
Listen to my brudda LeonTate . New project entitled Her on Apple Music.
There are thirdparty keyboard apps on the app store that let you do that with iPhone. It was one of the things apple announced with iOS 8
Oh I will Looking forward to it Apple 
Interestingly enough all the Patriots coaches are wearing Apple watches. Hmmm....
Go to hell Apple  
Ok thanks
Apple earphones arent loud enough
I hate Apple tech support nothing worse than being put on hold and having distorted country music played loudly into my ear
A The past affects the present you unbelievable clod. B Colonialism is literally happening as we speak. Apple factories in 3rd world 12
teach me the ways apple sama
Even an Apple Watch cant save you.
Right Okay to the bartender One Sweet Apple Acres cider please is visibly giddy and excited Cant wait to see how it tastes
My cousin Katie and her husband BigSexy are in the West End Tortola in Little Apple Bay no foodshelter  Hurricane Jose approaches.
Apple Crap
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
 How Apple and Google Marketplaces are Killing Innovation and How Blockchain can Solve It
Apple charging me money when I aint got none
Eve stupid ass bit the apple bro
I like
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
plus if he had sometime plan it would be on his radio show on apple
A little tbt to last years apple sauce season because even though the west coast is on fire 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
only 2 songs available on apple music 
The Annual MBCHs Apple Festival is this coming Saturday Come on out enjoy crafts entertainment and food 
Apple Watch o cinto ...
One of the reasons Buffett has never sold a share of yours. Thank you apple
Apple iPhone 6 128gb Black  Sprint Smartphone wWarranty 7321357
iPhone 8 Rumors What to Expect from Apple s 10th Anniversary iPhone 
Apple refusal to approve India spam app antagonises regulator
Apple refusal to approve India spam app antagonises regulator...
Apple refusal to approve India spam app antagonises regulator
Apple refusal to approve India spam app antagonises regulator
Apple refusal to approve India spam app antagonises regulator
Boston Sucks Tweet sent from Apple Watch
When she can make my camera look better than Apple can 
Wonder if Bill will be wearing an Apple Watch tonight. Look out chiefs keep your playbook safe
Heres a vid with an Apple  its a solid beast with 240 oscillators
Let me guess 1. Higher resolution camera 2. Longer battery life 3. Bigger screen 4. Most innovative iPhone yet 5. Greatly overpriced
Leaked photos appear to show new Apple TV  Daily Mail
MY MOM JUST UNBLOCKED MY PHONE WITH HER VOICE . Apple WHAT THIS THING MEANS
Anyone wants to trade a pair of rare Jordan 1s off white I won from Nike draw size 9.5 for a new MacBook Pro The sneakers go for 3000 
new Apple Watch I hope so
Cary Grant didnt eat any of that crap. If you want some quick energy eat an apple and PBJ.
Wonder women of Apple Glen. There is nothing that can stop them BentonvillePS AppleGlen1 
Lemon Tea Thyme Tonic feat. ThymeandCitrus  blend of natural thyme extract  lime orange lemon apple  pear pineapple  tangerine juices 
Its apple picking time Welcome the changing season by enjoying a day at any of these orchards around Chicago
Everything We Know About Apple s Mystery Event on Sept. 12 Learn more
Apple HomePod Google Home and Amazon Echo all play podcasts ozpod2017
First time using Apple Pay. Ooooh
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1418 21.5 Desktop  MD093LLA November 2012
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
33 OFF on Apple MacBook Air M.R.P.  80900.00 Deal Price  53990.00
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch WSJ
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Just ate 2 apple cider donuts and drank half a bottle of wine and my mom looks at me and goes I wonder why youre single
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Fitness App Streaks Workout Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple Summerlin just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Adams apple
Ive had less problems with apple than I had with android
i want a apple watch
Someone found the first working prototype of the Apple Pencil.
I want some apple juice
Btw Starbucks cinammon apple salted caramel chocolate covered graham crackers are my new bae 3
Lol you live at apple . FaceTime us tomorrow well be together
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch  WSJ
MarthaStewart I was hoping you could help me since Gordon Ramsey wont answer me when poaching an egg can you use apple cider vinegar
Its nearly Fall Time to make apple crisp
Ever heard anyone say just like mom and cake. No. Its apple pie and for good reason. Stop being a purveyor of patisserie globalism.
Work in progress. Pear Crab apple  and blossoms Pastel drawing 
This is hilarious
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
Apple when yall dropping that 8 all we wanna know ...
Give them some time. Look who their enemies are. For Christ sake Apple wont work with them Google just booted them. Theyre in a war.
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
The Week in iOS Accessories and Cases Refurbished Apple Pencils go on sale  Macworld
The Apple didnt fall far. I lived there in the 80s. Lots of skeets then too but lighter drugs  no one carried weapons that I knew about
Wow I hope youre kidding... They should make some improvements but not add 300 dollars for every new phone or else no ones gonna buy them.
fix it fat apple 
The worst lol Apple gotta respect my Spanglish
The iPhone8 will be a disaster apple pullback
Exactly They get a second bite at the apple without holding up harvey funds and being seen as holding up harvey funds.
Get the iLand Music App from Apple App store or Android
Thursday nightsFridays are the best because new songsalbums get released on Apple Music
I miss Mexico so much and my dad bought me apple soda
My dog looks like a thanksgiving turkey or pig . Put an apple in his mouth. 
sound good to me... apple has a great deal of moolah.
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
Did he not know who he was voting for and this was to settle his decision What a stupid jerk he is that apple fell beside the tree
Buy Apple iPhone New 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black 400
Lol Apple Music for one free person feeling generous
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.  Forbes
Would an Apple watch help
Youre not answering his question tho...
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
APPLE MUSIC IS SHIIIIITE
Apple s Refusal to Approve Indias AntiSpam App Angers Regulators
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
Apple yall iPhone 8 is real ugly im so glad i got a 6s
That Jamaican CinnaMon mascot for Apple Jacks was so racist wtf 
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Forbes Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
Pulscom Apple has released iOS11 beta 10 Check out the new release for yourself today
iTunes FULL KPOP ONLY IOS SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE TERUPDATE 
sure wish i had a bf to go apple picking with
V SOC Goal by Apple makes it 30 in the 3100 left to play in the 1st half.
Sounds like a nurfclip golden apple juice
Fitness App Streaks Workout Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
At bad apple in Croydon having a blasted it mad hill
Personalized Teacher Sign Apple  Welcome to our class class by TheCreativeSign
Apple RosettesPerfect addition for you roshhashanah table
Except liberal companies like star bucks ford Apple  and a few others that have made it clear they dont want to do business with us..
Apple RosettesPerfect addition for you roshhashanah table
Im not saying ion fw Lik Pumpi got a whole playlist of just his music on Apple Music... But you compared him to a legend
ITS CARMEL APPLE SUCKER SEASON 
apple music is such a blessing i swear
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Throwing Back The Apple  Pale Saints
If anyone from Apple is at Ozpod2017 we should talk about featuring moonshotpod  
hey come on now no im not wow very UNTRUE 
she succ me like im a bendy apple juice straw
Only thing i ate today was an apple
Another reason why Spotify beats Apple Music
Huawei clinches Apple s 2nd place spot in global smartphone sales
time to start using Linux  boycott msft out of business  they stole their software anyway off apple .
dbrand Do you guys have any macbook pro retina 2013 skin which hides the apple logo
Apple IPod nano 3rd Generation Light Green 8GB 30 DAY WARRANTY 082910 Price 35.00 View and Buy ...
I literally bought pie mms spice wafers muffins a mp apple pie bars last night my only regret is I didnt buy more.
This Spiced Apple Cupcakes recipe from CHOW is the perfect fall treat
Theyve grown on me just look like knockoff apple ones now
dinner burnt bean quesadilla apple juice no glass right from the bottle idgaf depression are you even trying to get rid of me
oh it was my Apple tweet I betNo Apple stores here I have to call the states  they sent me to Apple rep storestore told me to sue apple
Wow Airlines. I never in my life heard of that shit but I was just reading about it in the Apple news app
RT FortuneMagazine  Apple s new iPhone 8 may be in short supply after launch next week
Apple Patent Reveals Possible Future use of Biometrics for the Apple TV Remote  Patently Apple
I just wanna know why some people can eat a whole pizza and be fine and if I eat an apple I bloat like a mother trucker
Check it out Kay Dees Apple Seas is 17 on Mercari Use MBWFET to sign up and get 2 off
Not saying there are perks to family owning an apple orchard but there are perks. DonutDisrespect 
So 10 years later and people are still asking have you got apple bottom jeans GigUpdate
The Apple Store of course
Apple such a shame you got rid of a flawless design 
my brother got an apple watch and has been doing this shit ever since hes so annoying 
Ill be performing at Evans Orchards Apple Festival this Saturday noon til 3 
Her by Leon Tate is Officially on Apple Music. Use the link
beygency Apple announcing iPhone 8 on the same day. Ill be sitting watching Harvey Telethon like this. 
Das Apple iPhone 8 wird teurer und Samsung ist Schuld Was ein Quatsch
I just signed up for the Apple  Eve Core Crew Sign up here for recipes  juicy tips 
this is why i love apple .
Do we have any fruit Mom we have an old apple and some strawberries that are a little furry Like wtf
Theres a fucking dust storm everyone ... Stay alive  Okay apple calm yourself .... stayalive 
Das Apple iPhone 8 wird teurer und Samsung ist Schuld Was ein Quatsch
One month since their longawaited Instagram debut Apple has 823000 followers and show no signs of slowing down.
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Me w knife watch me peel this apple in one piece. Me w grater AHH IM A PIZZA TOPPING
Ewan gave Laurence a cooked apple and Laurence kept looking at ittrying to pick it up like it was something very important
I can just imagine Jay parkouring his way into the scene and kicking some giant apple butt
Go to App Store on Apple . Search Big Teams. Download. Then pick State in the app. Finally type in Frankton. Not sure about other devices.
Apple Watch Strap Sport Edition Milan Metal Stainless Steel Black 38mm i...
I dont want your Apple Pie mama
Loved this gal since I heard the apple tree 5 years ago u go Nina ninanesbitt 
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Apple s iPhone 8 Could Be Harder to Find Than a Nintendo Switch  TIME
Why Apple Will Win The Augmented Reality Race  Forbes
RT Apple  Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Apple is really gonna force me to get only bluetooth headphones huh Smh
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Your apple pie dont taste too nice.You better wise up Janet Weiss.
Do you have Apple Music
 Relentless Kiwi  Apple
applestore applefifthavenue construction apple Apple Store  Fifth Avenue
Display Release on apple CAST
Mom made me a gluten free apple pie guys best mom ever 
Samsung is making Apple pay a small fortune for the iPhone 8 display Technology
Havent seen it happen. What I HAVE seen is Apple piggybacking on trends and hardware innovations made popular by Samsung.
Drink some crown royal apple
Not cool apple applesupport SOLVED Where can I buy a new cap  Apple Pencil  iFixit
Every time I watch any terminator filmI convince myself Apple is Skynet
NavyCapital  Apple s new iPhone 8 may be in short supply after launch next week
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
The apple doesnt fall from the tree both look ugly and have ugly stupid attitudes
Hence why Im Apple everything.
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
I just checked in at Big Apple Food Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
Apple  in the email settings
Thank you I really appreciate it
Yassss I need the new iPhone asap
Emmaky USB 3.0 External CD DVD Burner Drive Aluminium CDRW  DVDRW PlayerWriterBurner for Apple MacBook ... 
RT VerzolaMarilyn  RT ShinobiEgypt Apple one hundred ninety. MAYWARD OR NOTHING PushAwardsMayWards
Send me a phone LMAOOO
Dear Apple  Youve done all these updates to the iPhone but still havent added a pause button to the video. Just saying.
RT VerzolaMarilyn  RT ShinobiEgypt Apple one hundred ninety one. MAYWARD OR NOTHING PushAwardsMayWards
Apple s iPhone event Join us Sept. 12 for a live blog  CNET
HurricaneIrma  Download Florida 511 app for Apple  Android devices for vital roadway info during an emgcy
HurricaneIrma  Download Florida 511 app for Apple  Android devices for vital roadway info during an emgcy
Dont forget Clinton chapter FFA dues are to be turned in tomorrow You also must sign up for a shift at Apple n Pork
On the app or thru Apple 
RT VerzolaMarilyn  RT ShinobiEgypt Apple one hundred ninety three. MAYWARD OR NOTHING PushAwardsMayWards
Apple s new iPhone 8 may be in short supply after launch next week
AirPods one year later How Apple bet on our faces and won  CNET
Apple IPhone 6 64GB  ATT Smartphone Gray  Gold  Silver 4G LTE Smartphone Price ...
Apple s iPhone event Join us Sept. 12 for a live blog  CNET
Still for sale. Vmoro leather cuff AppleWatchFanz  Facebook group link in bio Apple 
I dont have a gf Im gnashing Im broke. I no get car. I dont have any apple distin.... e go bee
I dont really buy albums anymore. But I pay monthly for Apple Music Spotify and SoundCloud Go. That free dl shit out. Support music
Apple iPad Air 9.7 Display Space 5th Gen 32GB WiFi Gray  MD786LLA via eBay
Apple stock nears record high
AirPods one year later How Apple bet on our faces and won  CNET
lmao apple should make a fidget spinner emoji
The only justified way to browse  rumor sites is to skim through titles and W  A Problem with Apple News Sites
Apple Starts Spamming iPhone iPad Users with iOS 11 Teasers
The Spinrilla numbers aint nothin special but the Apple Music numbers finna be boomin
Are you spying on me with your Apple Watch
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch  WSJ
The Bridge. a Drum  Bass  Classic  Sound Available on Apple Music By sscythe0
ipone7 US unitedstates 1 SUB  RECEIVE 1 IPHONE 7 or 7 809 LEFT FREE GIVEAWAY LEGIT GIVE...
Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Are you SelfPublished Enter the New Apple SelfPublished BOOK AWARDS now
Sia  The Greatest Live from Apple 
News iRig Pro IO Now Available In The Apple Store
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamer Employees from Deportation
Logitech completes the Circle 2 cams with Apple s HomeKit  CNET
Apple Boulding in Texas 
RT victoria0429  Hey avtweeps Does anyone have a nice looking transparent bitmap symbol for Apple TV for AMXtalk TP5 ccicontrol tdalb 
Red white and blue is suppressive. Fucking racist apple
Ooohhhhh Apple stats....TBA OZpod2017 . We also tend to leave our subscriptions going. WHERE is ozpodding indies nonmainstream radio 
Used Apple pay on the underground today and TFL didnt completely screw it up and overcharge me Yay
Finally something good I can look forward too Love me some Apple . cantwait
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thataposs A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV. Read more
Logitech completes the Circle 2 cams with Apple s HomeKit  CNET
KTHopkins BBCParliament canterburycc Duchess Kate Adams Apple is also very big and noticeable. Why cant nobody stand for the TRUTH 
Apple s new iPhone 8 may be in short supply after launch next week
I love apple juice
The apple dont fall far from the tree
Can one use Hulu outside the lovely United States Also hows being back home Apple Music has the best kpop catalogue so theyve won me
We even got apple juice on deck Hit your local smoke store and ask for us by name THCmoonshine trueholisticco 
Probably an homage to Apple 1 Infinite Loop. Also hacker is a complement so no probably not strange at all.
I hate calling apple . They have u waiting too fuccin long. I hate being on the phone PERIOD
Wow. Just look at all the calls and texts I missed Apple 
Apple MacBook Air 13.3 LED  Intel Core i5  8GB RAM  128GB Storage MMGF2LLA
Apple patent describes using backlight to strobe to music and to act as safety light for runners
HA take THAT apple and them wanting to block people from modifying the hardware they sell
If Johnny has two apples and Jose has one apple  why are you singlehandedly propagating the regression of our democracy QuestionsForTrump
at least compared to an Apple one god their keyboards suck
Apple Cinnamon Braid
There was no Red Bull at the gas station. Its 1.33am still an hour away from the game and I needed something. I got cosmic apple energy
YeastFree Apple Pie Smoothie
Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV.
How Apple and Google Marketplaces are Killing Innovation and How Blockchain can Solve It
RT MiamiDadePD RT MiamiDadeEM  Download the Florida 511 app for Apple  Android devices to get access to vital roadway info during an emer
haku apple pie r18
Apple locked me out of my iCloud great
Apple SanTan Village just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Its gotten two likes Sam
http newswallet.co Apple iPhone 8 OLED display costs 120130 per unit says analyst...
Apple says Russian addresses displayed in developer portal due to bug not hack  9to5Mac
might aswel drop me an apple crumble
curling up in a big blanket with a hot mug of apple cider right now sounds fucking fantastic
Eating these apple jacks like its my last meal
Will you buy an Apple iPhone 8 by Janet Jones iPhone8 AppleEvent applenews
My doggo Bailey His favorite game is lets catch tennis balls and steal apples off the apple tree muchcute pup 
alexlindsay meganmorrone Petition Allow Leo Laporte to Attend Apple Events. Twit Army do your part.
Apple Store come pick up your new computer at peak traffic hour
Lol I mean boy you really let one bad apple spoil the bunch like 
HeavenEarth apple filled foie gras mashed potato top port wine reduction. Thank you for this culinary coup. Chef Sebastian. Seabourn 
A Leaked Document Offers Insight Into Apple s iPhone Repair Process
Apple AR is coming
http newswallet.co Apple  LG said to discuss OLED display deal for iPhone supplies in 2019...
Always gotta be up to date on the latest tech  technology apple AppleEvent techdeals
Investing pro New iPhones are not enough to keep Apple s stock going it needs a new category...
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
New Apple Watch for mama
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Please RT interiordesign decoration architecture home Herms Apple Watch Collaboration
Nike Free Trainer 5.0 Oregon Win The day 621936037 Us Sz 9 Black Apple Green
Nike Free Trainer 5.0 Oregon Win The day 621936037 Us Sz 9 Black Apple Green
The weather is changing gotta go apple picking soon and pumpkin picking
Apple hi I have requested for my forgotten password since two weeks no reply yet
Ahh I love watching these Apple events. Such a geek.
Apple s iPhone event Join us Sept. 12 for a live blog  CNET
Will Apple s new podcast stats drive podcast clickbait Is that a bad thing  JamesCridland OzPod2017
Dont miss this offer Available at the Heswall Shop 0151 342 1176 or Birkenhead 0151 653 3800 apple
I dont want your apple pie nooooo.
HyperDrive  USB TypeC Hub for Select Apple MacBook Laptops  Space Gray
Hillsborough right past Dale Mabry by the Apple Bees
Apple and Google are caught yet again censoring opinions and speech that dont fit their agenda and toe their line.
AirPods one year later How Apple bet on our faces and won  CNET
can u get it to rotate on my Apple iPad
Apple Invents a Retail Box with Retractable Handle  Specialty Features to Protect Products  Patently Apple
I wish that Apple would make it less obvious when they do the thing where your iPhone starts trippin before a new model is set to release.
Dont miss this offer Available at the Heswall Shop 0151 342 1176 or Birkenhead 0151 653 3800 apple 
They all seem racist to me now. I cant think of one nonracist fruit. Omg... look at what Apple popped up on the emoji suggestion 
Why is it so fucking hard to talk to someone on the phone at Apple  If I wanted to solve the problem myself I would
NEW Apple Is Losing Its Cool Factor And Thats A Problem If They Want To Break Into TV. via forbes
The Hip Hop Ballad of 2017 LovemeorLovemenotAvailable on iTunes Apple music Spotify and others. 
Beer Jesse they said beer..not the fruity apple bullshit you drink.
NikeSupport I love the iOS app with Apple Watch but every time a voice prompt occurs my audio is ducked and stays ducked continuously.
Its like Apple Music knows my age AND my plans to watch big boy football tonite DontThisHitMakeMyPeopleWanna 
mundophone APPLE New iPhone priced too high Guilt is f...
Will you buy an Apple iPhone 8 by Robert Steve  AppleEvent applenews iPhone8 iPhoneXEdition
Look at this apple . Its perfect  Kinley hyping herself up after doing homework 
Next Tuesday I guess Apple announces the new iPhone
Campground I cant wait to get a candy apple  all that good stuff
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
If youre going to a 250 Apple Teacher certification training you have no clue that this stuff is done very well online  free
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
Your iCloud session has expired  Official Apple Support Communities Your iCloud session has expired  Official ...
About to just sell my Apple Watch and get the new Jawn
There is no dilemma. Burn the Apple Watch and be a grownup 
Mad af this Apple Music trial is over
Logitech completes the Circle 2 cams with Apple s HomeKit  CNET
Apple is just full of shit now. Doing everything BUT what the customer wants 247. Can we get at least one change thats actually needed
How Apple s walled garden dissuades added value  iMore
stay safe my sugar honey pumpkin apple pie cherry on top princess angel
I liked a YouTube video
Thats an apple cart they dont want overturned.
Maybe I will have some hot apple cider with this carrot cake BECAUSE ITS FALL OUTSIDE WOOOOHOOOO
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
Evolution UI  Actual EHR vendors have a lot to learn from them in terms of software and UX apple
I think I need to get Apple Music. I spend too much money buying albums.
Sign up to win an XBOX1 AIRPODS AMAZON ECHO or an APPLE WATCH
Mini Vegan Apple Pies
Apple Watch
and we dont have Starbucks here so guess whos gonna learn how to make cinnamon chai lattes and caramel apple spices
Please RT interiordesign decoration architecture home Herms Apple Watch Collaboration
http newswallet.co Apple September 12 event iPhone 8 won t be the only big reveal...
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
timcook iPhone should also come to India at the same time as it comes to USA. Apple
Apple Orchards in Knoxville and East Tennessee
Do you think James Bond 007 would be a better off with Apple or amazon owning the rights to the franchise
Do you think James Bond 007 would be a better off with Apple or amazon owning the rights to the franchise
Do you think James Bond 007 would be a better off with Apple or amazon owning the rights to the franchise
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human  now try not to fall in love HerMovie
We finally have more details about Apple s mysterious car project
Apple Music has a good student discount too
Apple  Eve juice boxes are what my kids are packing for lunch ad apple eve mommyramblings influenster 
iOS 11 release date news and features  TechRadar technology Apple
JamesCridland  Apple is about to release detailed data of podcast listening. OzPod2017
lmao i really been searching for the jonas brothers on apple music for years now and every album is finally there im crying
Do we know how Apple Jack Sugarcube and Big Macs parents dieddisappeared
Large corporate monopolies Google and Apple are crushing any opposition or diversity in the marketplace.
leolaporte Petition Allow Leo Laporte to Attend Apple Events. Twit Army do your part.
an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Apple Dont change the iPhone tradicional name IPhone x.xx... otherwise could be a big mistake
I was thinking sparkling apple juice.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
iPhone 8 wordt later dan iPhone 7s en 7s Plus gelanceerd Apple s komende iPhone 8 wordt
Hahaha lets buy on itunes. Hahahaha. Imma buy intro serendipity and the 2 main singles. The rest will be downloaded on apple music
Its been years and we still dont have a pinkie promise emoji sort it out Apple
The Turner Diaries by Eddie Turner on Apple Music
Not there . Tried Apple Music iTunes Spotify. Gonna have to wait if its released tonight or its gonna not be ww like how chez releases
While Apple Music is the least popular streaming music service its 1 for younger listeners
Already put up the fruity candles and switched to pumpkin and apple spice
Apple podcast reporting ozpod2017 
Spot Apple   Apple Forrest Gump
I live in the US. Do you have an apple phone
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design  Visit Here
The Good Morning Cookie debuted in 2011 cinnamon sugar oatmeal with apple pie
Apple crushes Samsung in China as iPhone attracts twice the loyalty in upgrades over domestic brands
currently drink a lemon green apple and ginger drink and my god its so sour yet so good
Apple iPhone shortfalls seen as result of early manufacturing glitches WSJ
Sorry Apple Ive had too many issues with my iPhone SE and Im tired of going to the store to swap it...Making the switch back to Android
Funding Boost for UK Chip Firm Aiming at Amazon Apple VoiceControl Market
So quidd quidddev Apple replaced my iPhone yesterday and Im screwed out of my account now After all that was put into this UNACCEPTABLE
Apple Cider Scones are perfect treat to enjoy with tea or coffee. recipe apple scones bread
Nobody will pay 10000 for an Apple watch via amyhoy apple watch yeahright
iPhone 4 Apocalypse TuffGrip case cover for Apple iPhone 4G  4  Black  Hourglass
Random thought.. when will apple stop making iphones Like will my future children be complaining that they dont have the iphone 32
Cant wait
If this new iPhone does drop with an OLED screen and knowing Apple s reputation with releases. Its going to be damn near impossible to grab
RT This apple pieinfused bourbon is a delightful way to spice up your bar cart for fall 
Happy smiley apple to you
Packed and ready for VMworld but have the usual longtrip dilemma  Apple Watch or a mechanical
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design
I actually have used both for over a year. Im on Apple Music because my student account discount ran out. Im cheap. Deft Spotify
This apple pieinfused bourbon is a delightful way to spice up your bar cart for fall
Until they pulled out Henrys sippy cup filled with apple juice from my purse.
The Apple II had a hard drive of only 5 megabytes when it was launched. technology fact
My iPhone Screen Cracked What Did Apple Do
Its like its made for bats. she nodnods Id start with the Sweet Apple Acres cider. Local relatively light really good.
Apple Begins Pushing iOS 11 Guides To Its Stock Tips App On iOS 10 fb 
When your mother leaves you a voicemail in Spanish and Apple tries to transcribe it. 
Will the dusty rose Nike band come back  Not available anywhere 
My dog stole my AirPods off of my desk. Please Apple cut me a break. I would be so grateful. I own everything apple 
Venus Williams v Sloane Stephens US Open womens semifinal live apple
Released in 1998 caliber 12 has the spirit of a spring day . This savory scent opens with apple and lemon.. scent sotd shoponline 
Released in 1998 caliber 12 has the spirit of a spring day . This savory scent opens with apple and lemon.. scent sotd shoponline 
Apple bringing out new statistics for podcasters ozpod2017
Apple Of Sodom  Marilyn Manson
i have a pen i have an apple  i have a pineapple pen. 201608 
Its Time You Added Apple Cider Vinegar to Your Cocktails
Apple Music better
Unlock the FM chip on all apple iphones so I can listen for free to NextRadioApp  unlockFM freeradio
APPLE COCKTAIL MEATBALLS 
You know AR is revolutionary if Apple is promoting it. AR AugmentedReality VR Tech SiliconValley UsefulAR
The Best Apple Pie Apples 10 Apples for Your Next Pie  Frugal Family Home A great apple pie starts with the be
how will this work on a night out how will it work if u got glassesscarf on hows it gnna work in the dark ffs apple jus give us group ft
KTHopkins BBCParliament canterburycc LOOK at This photo of Duchess Kate back in 2011. His muscled arms  adams apple are very prominent. 
Is it Tuesday yet apple iphone
After the Fiona Apple song I hope.
I come into possession of a friends cast off but functional Apple Watch this weekend and Im pretty excited about that. bougie
Tried to get through to samsung customer service about the note8 . On hold for over 40 minutes and still waiting. 5 minutes max with Apple
BlueJays getting Apple Watches count as modernizing
Brand New Apple iPhone 7 32GB Black Verizon Smartphone Clean IMEI Unopened
Early iPhone 8 prototype suggests Apple considered a very different iPhone 8 design We
On god brionna drinks a whole bottle of apple cider vinegar a day
Will the Patriots use squishy balls or the Red Soxs Apple watch to gain advantage over the Chiefs tonight nflkickoff2017
Mint Apple iPhone SE 64 Gb
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 A1312 Intel Core i5 2.7GHz 1TB HD 4GB RAM OSX El Capitan 10.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 Late 2013 i54570R 2.7GHz  16GB  1TB  Iris Pro  ME086
Hold your breath Hold your kidneys as well
do you have an apple watch What are your favorite apps for it I want to deck mine OUT
thinking bout getting ah apple watch
gracekendall26 Im just saying that our previous twitter interaction is p much blowing up so maybe you could get Apple to give me a job
Wouldnt let me on Apple Music
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Is this what it feels like when you love something and then theres finally recognition Apple 
This weekend is Apple Festival featuring a magician apple cake corn roaster pony rides  lots more fun CircleFarmTour abbotsford 
TheNextWeb Sheriff that threatened Apple CEO is now terrifying disaster victims on Twitter  
Great shades SaveDownwardDog
Eating an apple and pretending its coffee
Had an Apple c in the early phases of personal computers  fascinated with computer games engl671mu ZORK
I really like my 7 Plus but Im looking forward to the 8...wireless charging How about 4K Apple TV with HDR  Dolby Atmos
Apple files for live titles and gym kit trademarks
Spotify  Apple Music ...
This jersey is my everything.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Ill take the LG V30 thanks
Always Apple  because it is very easy to use.
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Peachorange apple nettle tea
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Hearing rumours that JK Rowling cant handle Chewits Xtreme Sour Apple Flavour.
From someone who uses gps almost every day I can confirm that apple maps is trash. Google maps is where its at.
Eg. Project Ellis just made a grant to cover all the legal fees for a family whose chief earner worked to build the mothership at Apple .
Apple Pay FAQ The ultimate guide on how and where to use Apple s payment platform
Apple Bluetooth Keyboard  UK English  Excellent Boxed Example MC184BB
PEPPER SPRAYED  ROBBED Two men get away from Apple XChange in Tempe with MacBooks. Live report at 530 Fox10Phoenix
Apple donating only 5 million is like Im donating 5 cent . Although I have donated 10 for my scale then apple should donate 50 million.
Doctors are furious with Trudeau over tax changes. Trudeau currently eating an apple a day to try to keep the doctors away.
Ive never seen that type of tree before Is it like an apple tree but really different fruit
Smartphone Apple iPhone 7 32GB DE R 351490 POR R 307912
Per the usual with Apple smh
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
New Apple 13 MacBook Air 1.8GHz Core i5 CPU 8GB RAM 2017 Newest Model 128GB by Apple 
AppleSupport Hi Ive forgotten my Apple ID and password for my game and I only remember the Username. Can I still recover the Apple ID
Apple Events  Keynote September 2017  Apple
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Apple soda  Orange smoothie 
Let me tell yall something these apple men and their money about to take my whole heart
I liked a YouTube video
An Apple a Day Infographic
9 Apple Watch Band Fully Magnetic Closure Clasp Stainless Steel Bracelet Strap for smart watch
SMARTPHONES DISPONIBLES   Apple  Apple  Apple  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB RED Sellado 
Kaemorr Apple dont yal think there should be a three way FaceTime makes since to me let make it happen right kae
Decided to spend one of my free songs on this even tho I have Apple Music because its a masterpiece and needs recognition 
Apple pie It was amazing and yes we ate the whole thing. applepie stuffedmyface 
check out russdiemon . honest  hella talented. linxx below Spotify
facebook Twitter Google Microsoft IBM PwC HSBC jpmorgan netflix Apple nokia Samsung PioneerPress PLEASE HELP RohingyaMuslims
My preschooler just exclaimed Its an apple  Just like on TV Maybe I should be shopping a little healthier. FridayFeelings mommylife
The only negative to having Ivys Apple Music is the music she downloads. For example Khalid.
Thats coming from a pretty discerning travellercustomer. Must have been KM  Apple  Ritz Carlton like service
Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM Smartphone Space Gray Certified Apple iPhone 6 Review 
Is Apple Working on a Biometric TV Remote
Journey Inwards by LTJ Bukem on Apple Music
Whoa 5 million Oh gee Apple youre the kindest JJWatt you didnt have to raise all of those millions 5m wouldve been enough
GEORGE HARRISON My Sweet Lord  Isnt It A Pity 1970 45  Pic Sleeve Apple 2995
Bootleg chargers fuck up yo battery. I only buy the Apple ones
Nah fam but you low key been hating on apple since you made your rant on iPhone 7 like note 8 dope phone but the iPhone will also be dope
Does he have his Apple Watch on
I liked a YouTube video
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 24 iMac Core 2 Duo Al Aluminum 2007 2.4 GHz 4GB 500GB Allin
Its that time of year for apple whiskey
Apple CEO Tim Cook and Cisco Chuck Robbins talk new capabilities and security advancements in iOS11 .
Is Fiona Apple over the hill enough that I could score with her yet
Wanna make apple butter with me babe
Been thinking about getting Apple Music
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate  CNNMoney
Are the HERO wireless earbuds from WinnerGear a great alternative to the Apple AirPods Check out my review
Maybe Trumps handling of hurricane relief along with Apple etc. donating so much will make nealstephenson s Snow Crash a reality.
Non Canadian iOS app Dont click Change Store to the US region. It will delete all offline Apple Music music. Fuck me.
Apple MPN FelipeNeto
Summer fun Apple Inc.
They said during WWDC they would have more announcements for Apple TV later in the year so hopefully.
If I really dont have enough space to take photos how come I can save and screenshot whatever I want Apple
Welcome to Apple season. Have one everyday for your health... 
Are Apple Watches worth it Ive been wanting one but....
Thank you for the update
who was mean to apple i will.... beat them up
yo react to ksiadams apple his last disstrack on netnobody that shit is fire honestly go watch it salute from morocco
STREAM AND BUY VIA ITUNES  APPLE MUSIC Clean Hearts Only by VITAL
This is why I use apple music
strike2 ...abcnbccbspbscnnnprnytnypbbcgoogle apple aolyahoobingetcetcetc..give me a freakin break
Butternut Squash and Apple Soup is a great winter warmer and super easy to make recipe homemade
I liked a YouTube video
you must love deep throating big apple dick
OH MY GOD I SUDDENLY WANT APPLE CIDER SO BADLY WTF
F3Hickory F3Taylorsville 3 Dog threedogE on Q for a pre hurricane smackdown. Post men of Apple city lets get this thing rolling
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week 
MidAtlanticConsulting Boston Red Sox caught using Apple Watch to steal opponents signs. Read Blog
Always great to hang with LarryJackson at the Apple HQs. UTAMusic
I liked a YouTube video
Yo check out my page or else
Yeah... weird right
GEORGE HARRISON My Sweet Lord  Isnt It A Pity 1970 45  Pic Sleeve Apple 2995
You can pick up our new single Nowhere Left To Sink on Apple Music now
Hes a dad now. Apple juice IS the hard stuff.
Strategic Social Media Lab found... SearchCap AdWords AMP landing pages Google  Apple tracking ...
The Delicious Apple Cider Vinegar Drink For Daily GutHealing by sproutedroutes
Spotify and Hulu are playing a strong hand up against Apple Music and Netflix with this deal
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief ...  Mac Rumors
Oooh Honeycrisp apples available starting tomorrow at Davison Orchards Whats your favourite apple dish Share...
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Anyone know someone who fix Apple Watch screens I just broke mine
Explains why my iPhone 7 Plus is breaking down plannedobsolescence
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Thanks. ily. Xoxo
The snake kept telling him to eat an apple from a tree. Guess I shouldnt be surprised to see them hanging out.
You are not comparing apple with apples. Howard was the master of economics and Shorten is a socialist economic vandal.
Love my Apple set iphone 4siPad and Macbook. All sturdy and reliable and love the genius Bar Customer service.
His Apple Watch also told him Yankees second place and salty as fuck
Maybe if you drop by the local Apple store they might help ya out if you are super nice to them. 
Apple Watch employee
I liked a YouTube video
Dont wait for Halloween to bob for Caramel Apple cupcakes. facefirst hellofall 
I liked a YouTube video
One day windows store will be the best one because apple and play store are quit the same windows store have exclusive games and Xbox games.
I liked a YouTube video
I would like to know why Apple makes them bullying with many of its applications to countries like DominicanRepublic Apple AppleNews
rihanna COME THRUUUU
September 15th. My debut EP a collection of stripped down demos. Available on Spotify and iTunes Apple Music 
hey he wasnt THAT bad. he played fiona apple and kate bush
remember when we went to boomers and i destroyed you racing go carts lol jesus apple brooklyn542318 gypsyy10000
Nice Apple Watch
The Excitement. Apple iPhone
NowPlaying Oz  Mrs. GREEN APPLE Î¾ 
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Pour yourself some apple juice
I liked a YouTube video
Actually I lost 30 to Apple 
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Donations This Weekend
Apple s billion dollar bet on TV How it hopes to take on Netflix Amazon and HBO and pick up a few
Get the latest news coming out of the top tech companies including Apple  Google Amazon Facebook Twitter and Microsoft. Find out all abo
 Fender BIG APPLE STRATOCASTER electric guitar USA WCase Dual Hmbuckers Classic
I get all mine from 5 and Below. 5 dollars per charger so I dont even care when they eventually end up breaking they havent yet
apple deserved better than you freaking cuck
i got this apple . and i was so excited to eat this apple . and i peeled the apple . and the apple taste likes shit
Apple do you listen Giving shit we didnt ask for
RT RT juliebeidler 5yard TD run for AJ Apple . Rylands EP is good. Its 210 Cedar Crest with 128 left in the half
apple music 
MONEY IRMA CNNMoney Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple IPad 1st Generation 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MB292LLA Price 22.71 View and Buy ...
Retweeting thevrara  RT WSJ  Apple readies big push to popularize augmented reality with new hardware and softwa
Retweeting thevrara  Apple s ARKit will bring with it a new form of mobile advertising. Developers looking for 
Apple iPhone SE Review
I LIKE REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY WANT AND NEED THIS APPLE MACBOOK PLEASE LORD BLESS ME. ALLOW ME TO...
How do I Know What Model Generation and Size iPad I have
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
GEORGE HARRISON My Sweet Lord  Isnt It A Pity 1970 45  Pic Sleeve Apple 2995
Sour Apple Rings BackToSchool Surprise them with an assortment of after school snacks Get 15 OFF Candy Club
Because your comparing apple s to oranges. Thats why.
I liked a YouTube video
take my money Apple
Boy thats every charger you buy thats not apple
I liked a YouTube video
F K Apple
This yall apple  A Samsung Galaxy replica okay
I liked a YouTube video
Spotify steps in to fill the gap left by Apple s UK music festival
Wont lie Im looking forward to this. Ill die laughing if you dont announce a new phone through
Apple iMac 21.5 Core i55575R QuadCore 2.8GHz AllinOne Computer  8GB 1TBAir
Thanks
Apple donates 5 million to HandInHand hurricane relief telethon Apple timcook HurricaneIrma HurricaneHarvey
I JUST WANT THE COLD AND SOME RAIN AND SWEATERS AND APPLE DONUTS AND OAK GLEN AND PECAN PIE IS THIS TOO MUCH TO ASK
His apple watch told him to swing at that.
just realized isometric designs are trending because the new apple icons
You would expect to have your apple product fixed or repaired visiting a Apple Store with those little nerd geniuses working there. Bullshit
Bad Apple  Power MIX  Touhou 4 Lotus Land Story
Man I miss this guy. Hes been succeeded by small people with small visions. Legend Apple
What to expect from Apple s September 12 event  Ars Technica
Apple and Facebook set sights on indie film and TV business exclusive  News  Screen
Apple iPad 2 32GB WiFi  3G ATT 9.7in  Black via eBay
I would just like to point out that the YouTube issue has nothing to do with Apple and only YouTubeGoogle
then chug some apple juice
There is an apple pie baking in my oven.
Lose weight fast with APPLE CIDER VINEGAR DETOX DRINK
Big and malty paired with chicken schnitzel and apple Brussels sprouts s... Atom Smasher 2017
AJ Apple 5 yd run makes it CCrest 21 N Leb 0 128. 2nd LNPFootball
I liked a YouTube video
Adam did not want the apple for the apple s sake he wanted it because it was forbidden. Mark Twain marktwain
Apple AppleSupport timcook iphone 8...sorry but its a fail. Youll sell half as many as iphone 6s7. Better luck next time.
KENNY PRANZO WON THE APPLE MEATING JOBS DIED IN THE PAST. KIM JUNG UN IS STARTIN THE OTTO CASE IN THE FUTURE
Apple pie ala mode. dessert applepie apple fruit pie icecream TEXAS  Beef Fish Fowl
same deal with all radios that have an ipod jack.
Apple donates another 5 million to hurricane relief
http amzn.to2oT8Yme Apple Remote remote controlMM4T2ZMAby Apple165 Sales Rank in Electronics  Photo 348 was 924 yesterday56 
Taehyung writes ÎÄh in old fashioned way  which makes it look like an apple w a pointy stem instead of the typical man w a tophat 
I liked a YouTube video
Qualcomm Denial of Motion Brings Elevated Risk in Apple Suit Says RBC
Santa will come in a few nights sleep apple iPhone8
Question Some apps force you to update it to continue to use it. Can Apple do the same with ios firmware in futu
Whos the greedier contestant in this big fight over smartphone patents Apple or Qualcomm
Ill actually be working but Ill be using my Mac. 
Ive actually had apple pie flavored and it was better than straight moonshine but it still wasnt too good 
jabariholmes99 apple be fugazee why cant we just get some group facetimes  smh
I liked a YouTube video
the apple tech guy just saw my texts and seemed disappointed
Abel if you follow me Ill fly to India buy an apple  and come back to England
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Welcome Fall 2 The Breakfast Table W Great San Saba River Pecan Co Apple Pecan Preserves http mmg.twfv 
What a bunch of lies. The Apple does not fall far from the tree.
Fuck Ape car play I never set no apple account. Ever
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Donations This Weekend
Apple donates 5 million to Hand in Hand hurricane relief telethon HandInHand
I liked a YouTube video
She squiiiiiints at the flowery stationary in front of heridly sipping loudly on apple soda with sugar on top.
Apple iPhone 6  Unlocked Silver
I won 4 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Ask Us Your Questions About Apple s New iPhones 
Ask Us Your Questions About Apple s New iPhones 
I liked a YouTube video
Ohios Top 5 Apple Butter Festivals
Apple Can Thrive in Connected Home Despite Amazon  Says Barclays. Read more
i got this apple watch and dont know how to do shit
Spotify the wave now Still got your Apple one saved.
Apple iPad A1397 iPad 2 16GB WiFi  Cell USED WORKING for 59.99 with 29d 23h via eBay
I finally got a tripod And I finally have an Apple device to edit my videos on iMovie with So happy
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
me when my parents ask me to help them with their apple products 
ON AIR Gerry Mulligan  Apple Core
Apple Preview  WIRED
Paid phone bill got grocerie bought books for class paid Apple HBO now Im broke. Fuck all you teenagers who moms still buy yo shit.
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 99  CNET
I want to buy myself an Apple Watch but I know Ill get it for my birthday.
Apple used Edition for the watch and the only difference was materials. My best guess would be iPhoneX
Hey Beats1  can you guys do something about replacing the on hold music with Apple  OMG its 1992 garble... 
apple .
I may be in the city of angels but I miss the big apple Madison Square Park
I liked a YouTube video
I have been to Apple Pan. Thank you for the Irvs reminder tho
The Apple iPhone is 10 years old Look how much the iPhone has changed
I had bought myself some pomegranate juice  it was nasty but my sister told me to mix it w apple juice  it taste way better Thx sis
Apple its the little things that matter most
5yard TD run for AJ Apple . Rylands EP is good. Its 210 Cedar Crest with 128 left in the half
im living for apple juice rn
I HATE the fact that Ive sold my soul to Apple
Debeer Replacement Watch Strap  Belting Leather  Havana  Fits 42mm Apple Watch... 
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
This Apple Project Red leather case looks and feels nice on the SE.
S2M PowerPoint Premium Presentation has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps ... 
Apple Print Coasters
Mets doing so poorly theyre giving all players Apple watches so they can read their own signs.
Maybe you can cop a charger straight from the Apple Store now
Pumpkinland Apple Picking Flannel Hayrides Boots Apple cider Bonfire Pumpkin flavored everything Caramel Apples... Cant. Wait.
Apple Pan is one of my fav simple burgers. Also Irvs in WeHo.
This still on Apple Music
Haha Scandalous. Up until Windows can meet the security of Apple then thats the only time Ill buy that kind of system. Shame on Lenovo.
Apple s new iPhone could face supply shortfalls after launch WSJ
its cuffing season. who tryna be my fuckin cinnamon apple 
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief effort
Im excited for apple picking and NYGiants football GiantsPride FallFridaySweepstakes
 Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
is the New Palestine Fight Song on apple music
The Washington Post  The iPhone is 10. Where does Apple go from here
Coconut Oil Raw Shea Butter Apple Cider Vinegar  Water are major keys
Apple your sticker feature is ruining my life fml 
Im making an apple pie tomorrow and Im honestly so excited
Horror Prophecy Delayed iPhone 8 Could Push Apple s Users to Android
Apple Watch 
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Check it out
Weekly Rewind Apple s new campus Liliums flying cars Lowes comic books
The Mobile Juice Factory is out and about again. The apple season has started and we will have quite a few Public...
Check out Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop  June 2012 Excellent Condition 128 GB Apple
Sounds like my yesterday morning Amy. Multitasking before 8 am I trust your cookies were as yummy as my apple pineapple cake was. NomNom
Idk why I dont just have Apple Music Im legit losing money
Wooden Harvest Fall Welcome Sign Pumpkin Apple Autumn Glitter Thanksgiving Decor
Please RT iphone ipad mac Handson Apple s new rent once watch anywhere movie rentals feature..
With standard Apple CarPlay June bugs and jazzy foxes alike will love jamming in the allnew ClarityElectric . 
What happened
Alright n tnx I might be in trouble w the HurricaineIrma destruction By the way But I hope that I will be able to watch it
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
This Apple Watch doing too much yesterday the mfker told I need to run. I was mad af.
check out NJOMZA if you wanna cry or dance. linxx below Spotify
I liked a YouTube video
Pressure by Paramore popped up on my Apple Music and all I can think about is playing Sims on the ps2
What can I do if the person I am getting contact with doesnt have an Apple device iHere 24461
I liked a YouTube video
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99
When you type Westview High School into Apple Maps Im in the first picture that pops up. True story.
Steve Jobs vision for new Apple campus now reality CNET News
Retweeted CNN Tech  cnntech  Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
Nothing is too good for Apple and Cinnamon
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree does it 
This is why you dont buy expensive shit when you can get the apple ones for way less than that
CNNMoney Apple donates another 5 million to hurricane relief
Especially since they resorted to using Apple watches
The players moms cooked me chicken Mac n Cheese and an apple dessert 
Apple crown and apple juice it is good I wouldnt lie to you
My favorite way to enjoy my soups. In giant cups pillow pets  criss cross apple sauce.
If my phone turns off one more time Apple Im going to screammmm
Hand in Hand A Benefit for Hurricane Relief Announces Apple Donates 5 Million for Hurricane
Lmfaooo. U already no I get that purple urple sour d apple watermelon kush broski
A long way from the Turtle program on Apple  I played with as a kid. Awesome
No one wants to hear what you offer now stop talking about your garbage phones
The steps to reset my Apple ID password are becoming ridiculous. I expect Ill have to scale a mountain or sacrifice an animal next time.
STAR TREKs The Apple  isnt a great episode but Celeste Yarnall is great as Yeoman Landon even channeling Emma Peel in the fight scene.
Oh bummer. Always gotta be one bad apple 
Im at Apple Lynnhaven Mall in Virginia Beach VA
OLED iPhone8 Rumored to Ship Sometime After Standard iPhone7s Models
Apple Watch 2 SpreadSomeJoy
I liked a YouTube video
Mrs. GREEN APPLE  WanteD WanteD
I liked a YouTube video
Im really impressed with the device as well. Links to both of our phones. Puts the data into Apple Health. So easy to use too.
Random 20 battery drop in 20min can only mean one thing... NewiPhoneIsComing ....cc Apple  
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red 
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate too  Sep. 8 ... 
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect by Mark Kaufman via Mashable
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this weekend by via AppleInsid
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
Apple to unveil new iPhones at Steve Jobs Theater on September 12
Apple to Hold Product Launch Event on Sept. 12 Technology
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
What iPhone 8 constraints or a delay could mean for Apple s iPhone Upgrade Program  9to5Mac
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week
Apple is the only store that you show up in and they send you away Thats kind of crazy to think about
I liked a YouTube video
I hate how Apple Music randomly plays and I have to manually go to the app just to turn it off.
Thats why I return my 1100 watch back Apple Store
New on Ebay for the United States Imac 27 Mid 2011 Apple iMac i5 Quad Core 16GB Ram 250GB SSD  1TB HDD OSX  Win
 shops seem to manage to employ disabled ppl Speak up shop owners and managers of Plymouth  I cannot believe only one shop manages it
Apple dont care about standards. They their own
Hey Apple go fuck yaselves
You got that 95 well baby so do I so dont be thinking Ill be home baking apple pies
adams apple
To bad I have to wait till September 2018 to upgrade because I just got a iPhone 6s Plus with att
You can also use a pre existing ID search for smething like BTS soribada Apple ID thats what I did bcause creating a new one I made a mess
Android ou apple   Telefone fixo
I liked a YouTube video
God forbid you accidentally put a space in re fried or theyll suggest baby Who has ever said the phrase fried baby
Im going to need a IV to satisfy my addiction for hot apple cider
Apple Pie Pizza Cake
And were off to High Hill Ranch See you tomorrow at Apple Hill highhillranch placerville 
PopeyesChicken has the best apple pies whether sober or high.  feeling blessed
Apple donates another 5 million to hurricane relief
I liked a YouTube video
I agree I love the Captured album I actually have the CD to that one not just on Apple Music. I love how the twine together
Apple donates another 5 million to hurricane relief
I liked a YouTube video
Apple product launch 2017 What you can expect on September 12
Anyone up for breakfast Craving so much for apple pie atm...
Apple donates another 5 million to hurricane relief
Apple Music has my childhood album...
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Never seen a single visibly disabled person working in a shop in Plymouth yet the Apple Store drakecircusplym has 3  why cant other 
I liked a YouTube video
Depends As a candy  Careamel As a topping like a sundae or green Granny Smith Apple  Carmel Got it Good
Apple s ARKit will bring with it a new form of mobile advertising. Developers looking for the revenue models
Crown Apple
Hey heyassante  As a person who creates dope playlists  a lover of music do you prefer Apple Music or Spotify
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  GOLD Unlocked W Otterbox  Verizon  AT
The iPhone is 10. Where does Apple go from here  Washington Post
Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by Irma . Please stay safe Apple is proud to support HandInHand .
I liked a YouTube video
should have just went to the Apple Store
Apple mounts a fullcourt press for Toshibas chip business waging battle with Western Digital
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Aluminum Black Sport Band Excellent 60 DAY WARRANTY
Needs more Fiona motherfucking Apple .
Cant wait for the new iPhone
What to expect from Apple s new iPhone
Check out Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation SPACE GREY 16GB FREE SHIPPING Apple
Check out Set of 2  APPLE PECTIN HUGE 1500mg  90 caps With Calcium NATURAL FIBER
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
These pork chops with apple and apple brandy cream sauce are such a simple and wonderful dinner 
Download MacOS HighSierra.DMG  Installer.ISO  without Apple store  Macdrug
I liked a YouTube video
The apple was better though
The 86 overall Eli Apple team leader card is the best cornerback I played with in mut so far he stay making plays
TC on Apple Music in Canada 
The Series premiere to The Apple Will Air in 12 minutes
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
This Apple Crisp Recipe Is the Perfect Healthy Fall Breakfast Healthy EatingHealthy Recipes Move aside PSL. S
Apple pencil. Like new in Charlotte  letgo
I liked a YouTube video
Not available in apple music india
I bought Marissa an Apple Watch as a house warming present for our new aparmtent. Shes had it for 2 hours. I wanna steal it. Is that bad
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Custard apple ..
It takes the same amount of tries to get to refried beans. Smacks of antiMexican xenophobia 
rareapple this card now in rarepepewallet with a discount of pepecash Smartphone Brand Apple dank rarepepe 
Think they played an Apple store next to knitting factory last night too
the apple CLEARLY doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple s iPhone 8 release is coming later than expected
 Apple MFi Certified Yellowknife Portable 8 Pin iPhone Lightning to Micro USB Converter Adapter..
Apple Music is garbage.... wasteofmoney
Out of all of the innovations Apple have made my favorite is headphones that get caught on literally EVERYTHING.
apple pie princess is my fav song
Free Apple Watch GUI for AI by theprotosketch
Apple MagSafe 2 60W Power Adapter by Apple
Please can there be a new iPod touch I hate having my music on my iPhone and mines getting old.
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Real talk why are apple earbuds such trash
Ghost Boss says I think The Red Sox is very colorful team
a hero on a word full of water i never thought that it is so easy to know whats good or right an apple is saw today was goodtomorrow.
Why are Apple charging cables so flimsy So tired of having to replace cables Just tried exchange one under warranty and was denied. Angry
Apple MacBook Pro A1398 15.4 Laptop  MD831LLA June 2012
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes
Friday night dinner making the world just a little bit better one step at a time. Apple Chunk
Top story  Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
My wife and me have SamsungMobileUS but we are crazy to get the new iPhone if there is any good trade in sale. Teamiphone
Apple IPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Gold Verizon Smartphone Price 375.00 View and Buy this ...
You get Hulu free with Spotify membership now... yall still think Apple Music better
Literally just bought a new iPhone 7 and now the X is coming out
Or you could mute the account for example some of my Apple stuff might get repetitive but they can be neutered without muting me.
Apple donates 5M to Hand in Hand Hurricane IrmaHarvey relief sets up iTunes donations  9to5Mac... 
RT timcook Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by Irma . Please stay safe Apple is proud to suppo
Apple ... Pie
Apple pie is the only pie that matters.
yb2a akeed apple
Black Silicone Sports Band with Purple holes for Apple Sport iWatch Band 38mm wristband Watchband
I liked a YouTube video
KSI  Adams Apple ft. Alesa REACTION NetNobody DISS Track
Dear apple give us 32GB of Ram in 15 MacBook Pro and I will hand you my money
Found out Apple Bae shops at my target
iphone Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
My phone officially broke today Im tweeting from my computer Itll be hard to reach me the next few days. Apple your phones are TRASH 
This negro just asked if I wanted him to pick up some apple pie oreos. There are apple pie oreos yall. Apple pie oreos.
Ahhh I see I see Haha Im currently on apple  but I have an android in reserve. Do I need to be online to play
I cannot wait for Apple s 10.16.2014 alleged release
Spotify or Apple Music
Watch me like all the shit talking comments in 100 agreement with my damn iPhone
Huawei Surpasses Apple to be the Second Largest Smartphone Brand  Counterpoint Research
taking shots of apple cider vinegar ya girl a freak
Now Playing 076  Big Apple Productions  Vol 1 Listen Now
What if the September 12th Apple Event is really the official announcement of the ExtinctionEvent  woke KitWinter Apple MarkDice
I liked a YouTube video
Xbox 360 LeapMotion Cinemizer OLED head tracking   ST1080  Cinemizer OLED HMD  14.03.2013
Apple iPad Pro  32GB  WiFi  Cellular Sprint  Rose Gold  9.7in via eBay
I liked a YouTube video
iTunes Apple you guys suck that is all
I liked a YouTube video
Apple  I want a computer thats always connected to the internet if theres any kind of signal. WIFI LTE smoke signals dont care. Do it.
Justin just received a literal apple in the mail from a family friend back in St Louis to commemorate his first week teaching 
I liked a YouTube video
Steve Jobs vision for the Apple Campus is almost a reality. 
iPhone 8 Apple s tenth Anniversary Model can Be a Boon
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red 
I liked a YouTube video
Us GROUP FACETIME Apple  THEY WANT MORE 3D
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week
No. Apple oranges. This guy knows what is coming he is not literally insane but underestimates andor willing to risk life
A winning combination. stkharveys inspired chicken  fixins with some great kyvan82 Honey Apple BBQ sauce. HAILSTATE maroonfriday 
London Mac Repair Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Do...
Apple stock could fall 10 after iPhone launch top Apple watcher Gene Munster says
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red giftsforher
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red
AZYNAH AND HER MOM ARE TALKING TO APPLE ABOUT THE HURRICANES
NNN. Apple iPhone 8 at 1000. Nik Nikam MD Here are the first glimpses. bigger size glass sides dual camera...
Got super excited to try foodstirs Apple cinnamon pancake kit until I saw this 
TGIF Not Alone now on Spotify Apple Music and more Listen and share with a friend
Qualcomm cant halt Apple s foreign IP and antitrust suits
Just checked Apple Music new releases to see opiohierosom dropped a new album. Checking this
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree in Hollywood
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
THE MILLENNIAL METHOD by Jason Schreiber w Gary Taylor 2016 New Apple eBook Medalist Winner
Apple TV Siri Remote is on a serious backorder  iDownloadBlog
Looking forward to Apple s Sept. 12 event Heres what to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more
Can I buy the campaign sing on Apple Music yet
I liked a YouTube video
PLAYLIST AND I didnt even an apple program has a ghost please enrich your lives man
NNN. Apple iPhone 8 at 1000. Nik Nikam MD Here are the first glimpses. bigger size glass sides dual camera...
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
Apple s Steve Jobs Theater Set to Take Center Stage Ahead of New Product Launch
ITS THE PRINCIPLE I mean Tortilla child
Take care of your current Apple phones bc no one wants to buy a new Apple phone that costs the same as a laptop did just a few years ago
Shouldnt that be more like 500 million given Apple s huge cash reserves and repeated pious assertions of magnanimity
Damn I phone finally died. Mind you Ive had it for 7 years.Cant afford a new one. Why does Apple have to charge an arm and a leg mtrench
Of course they are  Irrelevant greedy pigs Apple Google Facebook hire illegals at pennies on the dollar 
check out colouring for some intelligent pop goodness. linxx below Spotify
A small company is trying to bring to market a genetically engineered apple that does not turn brown when sliced ...
Spotifys music event picks up where Apple left off
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
I spent 33 minutes working out with Apple Health. 68 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 35 minutes working out with Apple Health. 235 calories burned. LoseIt
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red 
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Music free trial really clutch
I still cant get over the fact that there is only one outlet for charging or using the headphones for iPhone 7 WHY Apple iPhone7 
I liked a YouTube video
All these alternative albums on my Apple Music browse section. No new rap except for Yandel and some weird Freddy Kruger album
my point is that Apple built an empire out of slave labor and convincing the world it needs a new gadget every year to feel whole
Autocorrect didnt capitalize God for me while I was texting my mom  now she thinks Im the spawn of Satan with no respect. thnx apple .
Apple vs Iomega  why innovation approach matters.
Talk to apple care
Horror Prophecy Delayed iPhone 8 Could Push Apple s Users to Android
Apple 3 way face time  chargers and headphones that dont broke so easy  give us things we want
My Apple Watch done died midcardio. And if my Watch doesnt track the workout the workout aint happen.
non  apple news version
Apple crisp is a great goal
A1435 Genuine Original 60W Apple MacBook Pro MagSafe2 AC Power Adapter Charger For Retina Display..
I liked a YouTube video
Mrs. GREEN APPLE  WanteD WanteD
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
My new favorite thing is secretly syncing my wifes Apple Watch face with this image. it YoullFloatToo 
Apple youre doing it all wrong
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.  Slashdot
im talking to apple support and he asked if im a university student and i said yes and he said girl get it
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
GROUP FACETIME  YOUTUBE APP THAT WORKS WHEN PHONE IS LOCKED BETTER BATTERY  Apple IT AINT THAT HARD TO UNDERSTAND 
Its happening for real Apple 
On Apple podcasts yet
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB  CHOICE OF COLOR Verizon UNLOCKED Smartphone
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 video  CNET
newyorkads ny classifieds Apple iphone 7 plus 128gb And Samsung galaxy s8 Edge
Has anyone got an Apple Watch looking for recommendations
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate CNNMoney
I liked a YouTube video
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate CNNMoney
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this weekend AppleInsider
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not. Slashdot
We have a bunch of squirrels in our complex grounds. There are apple trees that they can munch from they can leave my tomatoes ALONE
Some of our faves  Shop our LAS PALMAS collection online now  Youre a fine apple  necklace
My work bff and I went to Starbucks and basically ordered chocolate milk and apple juice. This is how we adult.
I cant wait for Apple to launch a bezeless screen next week and Isheep would act like it was just invented
Update Apple Store employees may be testing HomePod in the wild ahead of December launch  9to5Mac
This is that Auto Dutch OG. Its flavors are tropical with mingled tangerine candy and apple candy. Youll feel ready to party.
Apple iPad 9.7 2017 32GB WiFi  Space Grey
Apple Pie Fried Ice Cream Cake
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions Recently before
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s WWDC App Updated With Bug Fixes and Handoff Support  Mac Rumors
Apple KCAArgentina HarryStyles
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone win 
Apple Leisure Group Strengthens Development Communications
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Qualcomm Slammed in Patent Brawl With Apple  The Recorder
apple music isnt letting putting links when i click share music anymore so
Apple Leisure Group Strengthens Development Communications
SearchCap AdWords AMP landing pages Google  Apple tracking  SEO mistakes
StarTalk Radio by StarTalk Radio on Apple Podcasts
Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with AdWords tracking update
Apple s Siri Be less of a novelty and more like HAL 9000  CNET
I liked a YouTube video
FUCK Wanna use my Apple ID
Apple und Gaming dass ich nich lache
I liked a YouTube video
NWS Seriously we got it after the full 9 days of coverage and the last 15 apple alerts throughout the day 
I liked a YouTube video
Never knew eating apple sauce was so hard lmao
Poor Baby ..had to type the whole 4 letter word. Oc
Check out HellBunny Apple Dress Near MINT
Newsonhour Apple  Western Digital
No thanks
My phones locked up ive been talking to apple for an over an hour they still cant figure it out cbingham0 Apple usuck
Ive been loving color wheels lately check my Apple Watch layout and what better way to always see a rainbow than on a white One S
Can Apple please make an orange heart emoji
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions Recently before
How Apple gonna control what YouTube do 
My mom just asked me if I like homemade apple pie
Spotify steps in to fill the gap left by Apple s UK music festival
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief. HurricaneIrma
Marlboro Man transformed into copyright infringing Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Thanks
If youre looking for a friend to make homemade apple pies and drink pumpkin spice lattes with hmu
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes
New Apple 13 MacBook Air 1.8GHz Core i5 CPU 8GB RAM 2017 Newest Model 128GB by Apple 
Slide Tetromino Premium by ECO Pawel Jarosz now FREE on the Apple App Store PaidAppsForFree . It use to be 0.99. 
an apple  soojung.
Definition of The Apple Store a terrible place with a bunch of overpriced shit no one needs
What a night for Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Cider Grab a glass of this hard cider fresh poured from section 167 
 AAPL How Much Can Apple Charge for the iPhone The Sky Seems to Be the Limit Now on
Equifax breach allows terrorists to ...  ClipTrends VideoTrends News Apple News Cavuto CyberSecurity
iPhoneUpdate  Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week  CNBC
Can you hold on to your panties until Monday. Shit.
An hour on the phone with my mom resetting her Apple ID PW just to teach her how to download Science Fiction on Apple Music
When the iPhone 8 releases apple will send a software update that messes up all other models just so you feel like its time for an upgrade
Apple donates 5 million to Hurricane Harvey and Irma relief effort
Apple can you add a snapping emoji which can alternatively be used as a you sunt emoji.
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99
rt cnntech Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
Anyone else wish Apple would make just a band not a watch so that you can wear a different watch but still track your stuff
Apple bring back the iMac G4 please
What else do you spend a grand on  only expect it to last two years Weve been duped by phone providers clever them 1 dumb us 0 wake up
Apple pie
Im on Apple music
I liked a YouTube video
 Hackintosh finishes verbose boot but when apple logo shows up the progress bar does nothing.
 WWDC App Gets Handoff Support Improved Apple TV Navigation More
I liked a YouTube video
1992 is finally on Apple Music
should i eat bread or an apple .
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this weekend.
I walk into the Apple store in SoHo and I see five desktop computers with BenjiFilmz videos playing Super lit
Spinrilla or Apple 
I cant beat my momma and daddy arguing over this Apple Watch
Mm yes thats a good strong flavor Apple season is coming cant wait I saw pumpkin flavored margarine today at the store...
New OEM Original Genuine Apple Iphone 5 5S 5C 6 EarPods Earphones W Remote Mic
Apple s foreign suits against Qualcomm can continue while US case ongoing judge rules.
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red 
Apple updates WWDC app for iOS Apple TV with support for Handoff.
A warm apple pie Sitting on the window sill Now I will steal it. haiku 3lines micropoetry poetry
Skillet Apple Pie Biscuit aysontesplisoffthegridkitchen livingoffthegrid solarpower 
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
Diabetes monitoring company Dexcom partners with Fitbit but Apple Watch users not abandoned.
OMG. Idk I may go back to try because Ima be wanting the apple cinnamon
CNNMoney RT cnntech Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
CNNPolitics cnni FoxNews Apple donates 5 million to hurricane reliefwhat a bunch of cheap liberal they have so much overseas
Spotify drops Web streaming for users of Apple s Safari browser.
FREE iBooks scifi adventure comedy Eves Hungry for  apple  get it freeibooks ibooks apple scifi
Microsoft launches My Workspace Office 365 toolbar for Apple s macOS.
 Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief
Next Thursday night is the OutpostCoop Great Apple Urban BarnDance  Geesh this sounds FUN 
Apple embarks on Emmy quest with big bet on video streaming  Fri 08 Sep 2017 PST
Apple hires more TV execs  blocking spam callers on tmodail
apple feuilleCD 3024
Should all brands try and be the next Apple or Amazon Hear what brands said during our L360webinar 
I liked a YouTube video
Prepared to pay some one to finish my research paper about the Apple Watch.... this is what I have so far.. 
Fox studio head hints deal for early rentals on Apple s iTunes still 612 months out.
Turning down tonight for sweats GoT and hot apple cider
I mean I know the Equifax thing isnt antitrust. I did not know that about Apple . sigh
I liked a YouTube video
My phone gone from 11 to 26 now its at 21. Yall gotta do better Apple AppleSupport
iPhone 6 Charger3 Pack High Quality and Durable Original Cord for Apple iPhone 6 Charger..
Suspected Apple VCSEL supplier reports shipment delay unlikely to impact iPhone 8 availability.
Cool stripe Soon to become part of an apple bourbon crisp. paulaszzerts rfam 
Apple cider donuts in the house
BBQ tradition EarthquakeLake apple jacks rosskuemmel GalvinJustin1
Miracle Tree  Organic Moringa Superfood Tea 25 Individually Sealed Tea Bags Apple  Cinnamon by..
Switched from Apple to Samsung today and Im already so much happier
Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
I liked a YouTube video
Av got the biggest Adams apple on the planet
Apple crushes Samsung in China as iPhone attracts twice the loyalty in upgrades over domestic brands.
Apple my new iPhone 7 keeps crashing every time I try to link to wifi. Whats up Turned off and on like 10 times
ElevationDock 4 is first Apple MFicertified Lightning dock that works onehanded.
TheVannaWhite vanna oh vanna along the way resourceful Sept. pear peach apple  carrot cake landshark lager porterhouse steak
I liked a YouTube video
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions  Visit Here
I liked a YouTube video
Ditching Touch ID in iPhone 8 wasnt Apple s first choice was forced by technical restraints  report.
I love that donuts are a thing at apple orchards in Detroitmay be my favorite thing ever 
Samsung is making Apple pay a small fortune for the iPhone 8 display
Movado TAG Heuer Armani BOSS Diesel Louis Vuitton... the smartwatch game is on a whole new level now. Unless youre stuck with Apple .
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
Im not an apple fan boy but Ill probably never get anything but an iPhone
u are the thickest apple from the orchard to me
cranberry Apple pecan for Hot Dogs and hope . hotdogsandhope servewithSNHU giveback FairwayJoy community baking homemade 
Preciate apple 
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
The big apple NYC Central Park
I got a blackberry curve and sidekick LX in my cart Im over apple they can sma
Amazon looking to spend Apple Parklike 5 billion on second headquarters in US.
Major Tech Trends Ahead of Apple s Big Event
Weekend podcast  Peter Costello at our recent LeadersSummit . Listen here or find us on apple podcasts too
Funny you said that.. I wanted an apple cinnamon one too but my fianc said get coconut
Logitech adds HomeKit to Circle 2 Wired says Apple wont allow support on batterypowered model.
Are the latest MacBook and MacBook Pro keyboards the worst Apple has ever made by Sean Tenney
iPhone has randomly turned off today twice happened at least 4 times this month and coincidentally Apple releases new one next week
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week  Ill take a laptop  Android phone
Thx man I cant wait to watch the Apple event on Tuesday
Apple we need emojis for the other planets
Proposed deal would give Foxconn 25 Apple 20 of Toshibas chip division.
I liked a YouTube video
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Is Apple Working on a Biometric TV Remote
fireball  apple juice is so simple yet so good
Buys Apple Watch three times
Retweeted Search Engine Land  sengineland  Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with...
Band jam at the apple road theatre come on down 311 S Apple road Osceola In
How to follow Apple s iPhone 8 event in realtime
I liked a YouTube video
Your video The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 will ...
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 99  CNET 
Display Release on apple CAST
I liked a YouTube video
What to Expect at Apple s September 2017 Event Radically Redesigned iPhone LTE Apple Watch and 4K Apple ...
Apple secures lower streaming rate in new deal with Warner Music Group report says.
Check it apple seeds ninth beta testers.
is owner of an apple watch for 37 minutes and has already called asking about the return policy
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Man Found Dead At Apple Headquarters In Cupertino  CBS San Francisco
What about draco and the green apple
I liked a YouTube video
AppleWatch ICYMI Apple Watch cheaters IMDb phonies airline helpers  SFGate
TECH EVENT September 12 iPhone Apple AppleEvent 8 Prototype by iPhoneDigital 
I almost forgot you were my OG phone boo. It sure is Most days.
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week  CNBC
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red
Conveniently my iPhone is playing up as of now.
Wonder if the Home Run Apple will be raised if the Rays hit homers in Citi Field
Apple Teams With Hertz to Manage Fleet of SelfDriving Vehicles
Retweeted Apple  Apple  Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at...
Love It or Hate It The Spaceship Has Landed  How Apple Built a Campus Shaped Like a MacPro
This I think would be an SEC violation or something. But the last big antitrust suit was cough publishers  apple in re agency pricing.
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
i thought you loved me. you was my baby. my fuckin cinnamon apple
Eh series 3 watch with LTE da kuma 4k apple tv probably
Can be loaded onto a firestick roku android device pc apple ... great for travelling and streaming anywhere
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
been on the phone with apple for an hour
I wanted to buy an apple cinnamon but since it was first time going in I thought Id start with a classic
Thanks I will like a IPhone Apple
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
Is 912 the release date of the iPhone 8
funder Thats a big hell yeah Investigate Children of the Con The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree  theyre all professors of trump U
CNNMoney RT cnntech Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
huh the limited edition oreo out right now is an apple pie cream with a graham cracker cookie
Apple better be dropping some hot fire on the 12th. If not Ill be real disappointed considering its iPhones 10th anniversary
The only thing I hate more than fascism.. are people who eat tomatoes like its an apple .
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this weekend. Irma Harvey
POP PUNK BREAKDOWN BLASTS WELL YOU DRANK THE APPLE JUICE FROM MY HEEEEART raspy singing voice 
Hmm pretty sure I dont give a shit
sees hearse passing through with audible music  Apple bottom jeans jeans Boots with the fur with the fur
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate too
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Donations This Weekend
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red onlineshopping
CNNMoney RT cnntech Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
Apple Pie
I liked a YouTube video
fjamie013 can you please show the world that RearTouch ID on new iPhone8 is better than no TouchID apple 
Gear Beast Apple MFi Certified 6 feet Lightning to USB Charge and Sync Cable for iPhone SE 6 6s..
I liked a YouTube video
Apple donates 5M to Hand in Hand Hurricane IrmaHarvey relief sets up iTunes donations 9to5 Staff9 to 5 Mac
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 99  CNET
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect Mark KaufmanMashable
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not. Slashdot
Apple Moves to Ward Western Digital Off Control of Toshiba Chips Sources
Dont be late on the dot cuh
Application The Enchanted Books gratuite sur iOS au lieu de 2.99 Apple
Apple iPhone day 2017 Whats Cooking
Who cares
WSJ Trump Says Apple CEO Promised to Build 3 Big Plants in US
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
No thanks but I wud take some the apple juice
Please...like what Apple is going to announce will be good. 
Apple MacBook 2017 Unboxing und erster Eindruck
New GorgeousWar song Crystallize out September 15. Check out Gorgeous War now on Spotify or Apple music GorgeousWar 
5s still going strong huh boo
I liked a YouTube video
Apple lawsuits against Qualcomm can proceed U.S. judge rules
Annie Apple Says Giants Leaned on Son Eli After Josh Brown Comments Eli Denies It
Thats it They have 291 billion in offshore funds and everyone bitches a out Trumps 1 million Disgusting display of greed by apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Mountain Rose Apple Pie
to the Apple Music Twitter update
I liked a YouTube video
there wont be any apple juice tho
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
I liked a YouTube video
Apple can I check my iPad battery on my iPhone 
Display Release on apple CAST
The Guy Who Sued Apple Over His Porn Addiction Is Now Suing Alabama For Not Letting Him Marry His  Willamette Week
Apple Authentic Leather Case for Apple iPhone 55sSE  Red bestdealoftheday
The last word before Apple s iPhone event  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 99  CNET
Love It or Hate It The Spaceship Has Landed  How Apple Built a Campus Shaped Like a MacPro
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone SE 64GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 312.00 on O2 Refresh 4...
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Digital Pedagogy conclude tree for a bad apple .
Expectation management. Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week  CNBC
I was in the Apple Store and thought tanamongeau would enjoy this 
Apple Watch 3 with Solar Panel AppleWatch3 AppleWatch Apple Watch
I liked a YouTube video
Drinking a Gold Apple Hard Cider by Strongbow Cider Company Frisco TX 
Mix apple cider vinegar and water. Apply on hair let sit for a few mins rinse. Helps remove buildup and leaves your hair silky and shiny.
um i need the run up rmx featuring kartel on apple music because soundcloud doesnt let me keep it on repeat MAJORLAZER diplo
Unpredictable on Apple Music 99 GuineaBissau
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes
Its a Honey Bourbon Apple Cider kind of day Cheers to Friday SanJuanIslands FridayHarbor 
I got a giant apple pie and a carrot cake. Also chips salsa ect.
Zu3D Animation Kit for Windows PCs Apple Mac OS X and iPad iOS complete stop motion animation kit..
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Big corporations like Microsoft and Apple should follow that example. Sue the government over DACA. They are infringing on their business.
heres a tv that looks like an apple
cnntech Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
New post Weekly Rewind Apple s new campus Liliums flying cars Lowes comic books has been published on K ... 
Really Apple  5mil No 3 Fortune 500 in 2016. 45.7 BILLION in profits. With 21 REVENUE Nice donation and all but......really
And the British always seem so willing to point out racism and biases in their US cousins as if the apple fell so far from the tree...
Apple iPad 4th Gen 32GB 9.7 Tablet Wifi  4G Verizon MD523LLA PLEASE READ via eBay
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iPad 2 32GB WiFi  3G ATT 9.7in  Black via eBay
Apple IPod nano 3rd Generation Black 8 GB  GREAT CONDITION Price 15.99 View and Buy this ...
Best Behaviour on Apple Music 58 Turkmenistan 157 Bulgaria
I do an apple cinnamon spiced bourbon every fallwinter. Its glorious
Upcoming iPhone 8 release event means now is time to lock in payment for your current Apple devices
Federal Judge Denies Qualcomms Motion to Dismiss Apple Manufacturers Suit
I liked a YouTube video
Get U signature design with LookRev interior decoration Apple 
Nothing better than fresh apples from your aunt and uncles apple trees
Make Apple make a black laptop again...
I liked a YouTube video
Western Union charges 25.99 to send 250.00 via Apple Pay or CreditDebit Card incase you really need to get money to someone. FYI.
I know that apple crown  whateva you said better be good
KSIOlajidebt Just watched Adams Apple  you went in hard man GG NoComeBack GameOver
Indian healing clay mixed with apple cider vinegar does wonders
Love It or Hate It The Spaceship Has Landed  How Apple Built a Campus Shaped Like a MacPro
I liked a YouTube video
Today I made an apple crumble pie AND Banana bread. Someone wife me please
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6 64GB Verizon ATT TMobile GSM FACTORY UNLOCKED Gold Silver Gray
be the apple to my fork
Yummy apple pie is my favourite lol that sounds yummy sweetie
Love It or Hate It The Spaceship Has Landed  How Apple Built a Campus Shaped Like a MacPro...
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 2015 21.5 IMac Retina 4K 3.1GHz Core i5 1TB 8GB MK452LLA  Warranty
New on Ebay for the United States Imac NEW 2017 Apple 21.5 iMac 4K Retina Intel i5 3.0GHz 8GB 1TB MNDY2LLA  S
me and butt finna get drunk off that apple juice
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac Core i5 with Retina 5K display 27 Late 2014 3.5 GHz 1 TB Fu
Hmm Eating an apple while looking at the cherry blossoms is really special
I liked a YouTube video
Ill have to try it on a tiny piece I like trying new foods... Just not ketchup on ham. Or pepper on apple pie..
DUDE THE APPLE STORE MOVED WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN
SundyBest Popped up on my Apple Music for you playlists today. 
Why Apple s iPhone release could take down the market next week
Get a taste of the luxury CJ experience on your way to the Big Apple .
Who will buy the high cost IPhone 8  question iphone8 apple smartphone technology
Lavalier Lapel Microphone Clipon Omnidirectional Condenser Mic for Apple iPhone iPad iPod Touch..
apple Qualcomm just kiss and make up already
About to chow on some smack n cheese collard greens  caramel apple bacon cobbler woohoo RollingSoul614 ohiobaconfest
Could this break Apple  Samsungs domination of the top end of the smartphone segment
apple crown and lemonade
And still no Apple CarPlay 
Making apple pie moonshine
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I liked a YouTube video
No update to the new Iphone7 for me. Sad to say Apple are slipping badly. This isnt an upgrade Steve Jobs...
Tues kenan harda apple watch da apple tv bah
u can go on multiple apps waterproof bigger screen Apple literally switched to Androids OLED screen .. headphone jack better pics
I liked a YouTube video
Love It or Hate It The Spaceship Has Landed  How Apple Built a Campus Shaped Like a MacPro
Very excited about the Apple announcement Tuesday. I have to decide which phone to get maybe 
The month your sim contract runs out Apple hack your phone and cut your battery life to about 5 minutes unfoundedconspiracytheories
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate
I liked a YouTube video
are yall open I need to get apple pie Oreos before the hurricane hits Target
About time the rich gave back. 5 mill is sweet fuck all. Come on Apple .....dig deeper.
Western Digital seeks Y50 bln from Apple to help finance Toshiba chip bid Kyodo
Grilled Chicken Apple Sausage Naturally Caramelized Vidalia Onion Twice Baked Horsey  Cream
Kid my 85 year old greatuncle keith still farming his heirloom apple orchard drinkin smokin camels last wild hair gone man is dead.
I liked a YouTube video
check out qveenherby . her new single lovemyself is linxx below Spotify
Wheres that what yall mad about today post so I can quote it n say why all of Aaliyah albums aint on Apple Music
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
Can Apple Entice New iPhone 8 Buyers With Music and iCloud Subscriptions
Apple Music is telling me there is a new The National album. These things are always boring or depressing I really shouldnt listen
Im recovering the iCloud account to see what i can do but I have to wait 24 FUCKING HOURS Fuck Apple on god
timcook pschiller apple really should have standardized on USBC instead of Lightning. Talk about messy
u were my baby my cinnamon apple 
i dropped my headphones in my apple juice fuck this fate
I REALLY could go for Some Crown apple and Sprite
I liked a YouTube video
pois ouva 4 Walls  The 4th Album out now on spotify apple music etc etc
I liked a YouTube video
Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with AdWords tracking update
I liked a YouTube video
College is all fun and games until you try to cut an apple into 8 even slices without one of these bad boys 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus PRODUCTRED  256GB  ATT Smartphone win 
Toddler Lunch Ideas Picky Eater Friendly Influenster Apple and Eve Voxbox
Apple is pledging another 5 million for hurricane relief.
Apple Music
Made Nikki snap me the whole new Demi song since I dont have apple music she is the real mvp
Apple iPod touch 32GB 4th Generation  Black Certified RefurbishedSpeedwayfitness.com
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate
Yeah waiting to see if my neighbor here brings me some apple make a pie and maybe apple crisps again sweetheart
This has got to be the most ironic thing ever. The apple falls far from the tree...
SearchCap AdWords AMP landing pages Google  Apple tracking  SEO mistakes
Having my iPhone back is such a blessin never goin to android again even if apple annoying me
its almost haunted house and apple picking season
Qualcomms motion to dismiss Apple manufacturers royalties suit was denied
Apple vs. Qualcomm 
The next Apple Mac will change volume based on your distance from itself
AMEN God bless us all Thanks Ms Apple ALDUBLoveLife
Ahh yes let your baby lick the floor of the Apple store you piece of shit
How tf does me being on ft take up space on my phone Apple wtf yall got going on
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Apple stay on some fed shit
When christine got searched at the airport and they thought it was bc she had weed on her but it was bc she had apple juice.
NEED TO BUY NEW APPLE EARPHONES HUHUHUHUHU
Apple Music made everything else pointless
. Apple Im hoping there will be a 2017 MacMini announcement in 4 days. It is the hardware that will keep me at home. Otherwise BigWorld 
What to expect at Apple s iPhone 8 4K Apple TV and Watch 3 event next week
Samsung is making Apple pay a small fortune for the iPhone 8 display
I liked a YouTube video
wait... aint this the same lass that named her kid apple ... explains a lot
I liked a YouTube video
Haha now this Bot has som eRelatable Content. Good Shit bro. drink your apple juice shut though it may be pee
401ppiiPhone 6 Plus Apple Pay APPLE WATCH
I liked a YouTube video
getting this new phone setup is annoying My Apple ID and ICloud are separate on this phone and it isnt translating that to my new phone
on YouTube  iPhone 8 QUE ESPERO Ft Apple 5x1 DISCUSION
UVERworld MY FIRST STORY KANABOON
Hell no. Waste of money for paperweights.
Big Apple NY 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
One Big Apple coming up
I liked a YouTube video
told ya apple
CNN  Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate 
Update Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief and is making it easier for customers to donate themselves. Harvey Irma
rareapple this card now in rarepepewallet with a discount of 5k pepecash each... get this Smartphone Brand of Apple dank rarepepe 
Keeping My Shit On Dnd  Best Thing Apple Ever Came Out With 
I liked a YouTube video
ThoughtCrimez are you guys gonna put the show on apple podcast  Cant find it on there as of now...
Good for Apple . Thank goodness everyone is coming together to help. You can still donate online with Red Cross.
Once the original pet fucks up Apple is as good as Pakistani people tbh
Hey Apple  why cant I rearrange my good photo albums to be in front of the unnecessary standard albums that I cant delete Update
Theyre all using the Apple Watch tonight redsox
I liked a YouTube video
Yeah weak ass Apple boning me again
Apple Donates 365 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Donations This Weekend
How Much Can Apple Charge for the iPhone The Sky Seems to Be the Limit
Im so pissed why tf is honey by Bryson not on Apple Music I dont pay 9.99 for nothing
Irma could impact every major city in Florida  ClipTrends VideoTrends NewsPo Apple News Cavuto FoxBusiness
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
The iPhone revolution  Ten years after the original iPhone debuted Apple is set to launch its latest version ...
I liked a YouTube video
iPhone 4 Apple Iphone 4G Premium SemiTransparent Smoke Gray Phone Protector Skin Cover Case
What to Expect at Apple s September 2017 Event Radically Redesigned iPhone LTE Apple 
Apple s WWDC App Updated With Bug Fixes and Handoff Support  Mac Rumors
When you get on Apple Music and see that FUTURE and HNDRXX have been added back on 1future its lit
BusinessNews Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate
APPLE
I stress ate a bread bowl and a sandwich and a lot of apple juice and a few cookies
u can sorta if ur card is on apple pay on ur phone. but if ppl know your pin they can still use the actual card 
Will do when I get home and charge my Apple product lol
Charles just went on apple music to look up someones instagram
Apple iMac 21.5 PowerSupply ... GBP 65.00 
iPhone 8 Design Leaks and Apple Has Itself to Blame
People still wasting money on Apple chargers when they can just buy AmazonBasics Apple certified chargers lol 8 and better quality
Apple Donates 5 Million to Hand in Hand for Hurricane Relief Efforts Will Accept iTunes Donations This Weeken...
TTU students create first elastic Apple Watch band
Thanks
Apple reverses policy on apps that track user movements
We are already being robbed from our phone carriers. Why so expensive Apple
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate
I liked a YouTube video
apple maps fucking suck
This analyst doesnt understand Apple fans at all.
Apple listen to us
SAME. Mine completely froze and wouldnt turn back on
I liked a YouTube video
How great and perfect for fall  are these pumpkin apple prints Such a great rainy day craft 
HDTalk Apple product launch 2017 What you can expect
timcook Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by Irma . Please stay safe Apple is proud to support 
The best alternatives to Apple s iPhone 8 Apple s AAPL
Intel i5 or i7 for video editing CaseyNeistat intel BillGates LoganPaul Computerworld help intel Apple
Always sir Btw suggest to the ballclub to use this to steal signals instead of Apple Watches. 
Just remembered how ekskra Apple be when tryna set up yo phone
I liked a YouTube video
Winners and Trends from the Apple Design Awards 2017 webdeveloper
Looking forward to Apple s Sept. 12 event Heres what to expect from the new iPhone 8 Apple Watch and more
Apple Facing Struggle to Convince Chinese Smartphone Users to Switch Allegiance
The first official day of fall may be September 22nd but its never too early to start perfecting those apple ...
His rulings fairly shout SETTLE but accepting Apple s terms would probably do severe violence to Qualcomms business model.
All my music i had on Apple Music deleted...smh
I liked a YouTube video
I left Apple earlier this year and moved to Sony Xperia the phone is so much better than the shit Apple churn out twice yearly.
The more quarters Apple has like this the less theyre going to care about you.
WIRED Gadget Lab This could be one of the most significant events in Apple s history
Apple mail Poor thing.
Your girl FINALLY got an Apple Watch.
Good on the Apple for their donation And they are releasing a 1200 iPhone on 912
Apple Watch tutorial
I liked a YouTube video
KSI Adams Apple ft Alesa Disstrack on NetNobody Read Discription
i havent worn my Apple Watch in like 2 weeks bc my cats chewed my charger  ive yet to buy a new one 
MASTERS OF COMPLETE BULLSHIT  FRAUD  timcook apple
Apple thank you so much
Anna Vocino as SIRI the Waitress
Apple pie fries.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
I liked a YouTube video
Glazed Apple Pie Cookies for BacktoSchool  House of Nash Eats
HES DEADROWDYLADD REACTS TO KSI NEW DISS TRACK ADAMS APPLE 
Apple and Google Fix Browser Bug. Microsoft Does Not.
i have spotify now instead of apple music am i cool yet
Hey Mac Twitter How do I get rid of the stars by tracks blank 2 3 in Apple s Music app 
Plugged Apple compatible USB 3.X computer gadgets
I liked a YouTube video
dont let apple or amazon take over the bond franchise. that would be a huge cf
 maybe apple pie for dessert
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 16GB Space Grey Refurbished on 4GEE Essential 1GB 24 ...
Can you steal some signs for us and send them to everybodys Apple Watch
Apple pies  casseroles
Apple Moves to Ward Western Digital Off Control of Toshiba Chips Sources
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Whats wrong with it 
Only 5 millions Its like pocket change for you. Do what Dell did he donated 30 millions Shame on you Apple  Oops I using an iPhone. Deng
I think McDonalds poisoned my apple pies Im gonna be sick at the register whats up
Display Release on apple CAST
httpswww. google.comampwww.chicag otribune.combusinessctbehindthescenesapplechinaiphonefactory20160426storyamp.html  what they make. About a year old story...
Apple cider is amazing
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect The big reveal is almost here. Apple 
Those charges have been proven to make phones malfunction and possible blow upyou need to make sure the ones you get are certified by Apple
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
there was an apple mixed in with my nectarines. im shook.
Probably time to stop making em the scapegoats since Mexicans in America is as American as Apple pie
DAZNCA how do I watch DAZN on Apple TV I dont see it when I turn on my Apple TV box.
Apple Backed Billionaire Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit
Qualcomms motion to dismiss Apple manufacturers royalties suit was denied
Yall are making my 6S glitch
Apple has a cult market that too far gone to listen to practical reason. I bet most of them dont even know why they keep buying
ICYMI Apple Watch cheaters IMDb phonies airline helpers
There is a movie where William Shatner has an hour long discussion with God whos made out of 1987 Apple computers
I switched because of this kind of thing not an apple fanboy but really dont miss this kind of nonsense
Its apple cinnamon candle season
I liked a YouTube video
Blood red owl at night Apple green boy in village Frog walks to vast creek.
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Is the Apple Watch now mightier than the bat
Thanks x Hope its the iPhone 8 Plus reveal 
womanizer available now to stream on apple music
Im looking to upgrade my Apple Watch please give me a reason to do so
Ever since Prince put me on henny and apple juice I never drink henny with anything else he the goat
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
iOS firmware indicates Apple to announce iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X on Tuesday
HA Im surprised you lasted that long. I have Apple Music so I downloaded the album the second we stated DMing those lyrics
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
i love the leaks  OMG to the moon baby  OMG  APPLE 
When Orie was a wee doglet she ate 3 wireless Xbox s. We sprayed the bitter apple stuff on everything and she looked so betrayed.
Cut the on screen clutter with these Apple TV settings.
Im at Apple Crossgates in Albany NY
Mama Apple approves
All the Apple iPhone features found in the latest in iOS 11 leak  Mashable
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch
What to expect at Apple s iPhone 8 4K Apple TV and Watch 3 event next week  9to5Mac
dogrates What do you think of my dog Hes an apple headed spot hound 
Apple for this morning.
Isnt this opportunity for IRL to agree a more favorable tax regime with Apple and Google in exchange for not supporting French initiative
Apple orchard was fun
I understand with the ESPN app on Apple TV you can watch up to 4 games on one screen.
Gold Apple is hella lit bro
Much needed day with my s at Erwins Apple Orchard homesweethome auntiesloves 
I could be on my phone hear an Apple ring or text tone and still think its my phone getting a text or call.
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
Even fanta green apple 
damn even apple knows im shitty
on YouTube  iOS 11 Final Version  Download links  NEW Apple Watch LTE Leaked
Ice cold tasty cider.  Drinking a No Bad Apples Hard Pressed Hard Apple Cider by WoodchuckCider 
Think about it Apple will partner with Visa or MasterCard not Omisego
Won best overall in Sea Isle City for our Hickory Smoked Meatloaf with our green apple moonshine barbecue sauce Thank you everyone 
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Apple Headquarters Apple Infinite Loop
no buy after theyre announcing the partnership at the apple event feel the irony
Thats needed
Sharptons daughter arrested after cops say she attacked NYC cabbie
Apple s AR May Be A Goldmine For App Developers ARKIT AR
APPLE doesnt fall far from the tree but Al SHARPTON can deny deny deny anyway. 
Guess who has two thumbs and is about to see Fiona Apple  Ray Lamontagne  Eddie Vedder. 
SEO socialmedia  All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that b
Apple iZ be55er
In other words Apple may copy yet again a feature already implemented by Samsung and fail to be innovative for the 10th straight year.
I need to go to the apple store tomorrow...
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Huawei Surpassed Apple as the World Second Largest Smartphone Brand
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 5s 16gb Space Gray GSM ATT  MINT
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Game of phones Facebook Twitter and Apple get into the television business
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
September 13. Usually hits over the air just after the conference.
Images searchinnovative idea
MoonbffstarJd lets go apple picking next saturday
My Apple TV never had a problem before
I liked a YouTube video
Won best overall in Sea Isle City for our Hickory Smoked Meatloaf with our green apple moonshine
Another thing I cant eat is watermelon . Or apple pie lmfao
X How original lol Apple Just Leaked iOS 11 and Looks Like Were Getting an iPhone X
Extremely disappointed in Apple AppleSupport failing to do the correct thing with my daughters broken 1700 MacBook Pro forcing me to 
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Top story Connecting to Apple Music.
newz The Guardian The Observer view on the power of Apple and other tech giants The Guardian
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch via verge iphone
Heres Your First Look at the New Version of Apple s AirPods
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
DRUDGEREPORT GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Aye yall niggas betta come fix this shit apple juice is trash
Is there anything more FALL than apple cinnamon muffins I dont think so. These Apple Cinnamon
Apple I give my money to yall to often
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Harlan Apple Chinese Communist Data Center JVhas CCP party officers office inside controling opsrisk to US Apple customer  Investors
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
I have apple music ima just download it
The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Living in the fathers sin. With no shame Im sure.
Apple s Top New Phone to Be Called iPhone X Code Leaks Show  Bloomberg
Top is DIRECTV bottom is Apple TV with 4 games at the same time.
Apple yall better give me no storage problems yall rich bastards
Apple iPhone 8 event How to watch and what to expect
I keep skipping good ass songs on apple radio Im crying
Los productos Apple
I dont have any purchase intent yet. I want to see Apple s pitch. And maybe Ill throw in a bent two cents on it afterward. Afterward.
HDTalk GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
I cracked the code.  OMG x Apple is happening.
apple music APPLE MUSIC LOVETHEGAME ERLEE Santa Monica California
Ahh thanks Ariel D
justinbieber god apple Beyonce yall better pray for Florida asvpxrocky theweeknd and make a charity concert for us
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
The 1tn question how far can the new iPhone 8 take Apple  The Guardian Apple iPhone8 TrillionDollarValuation
WanteD WanteD  Mrs. GREEN APPLE
I also adore apple juice its my favorite beverage but I hate most apples unless theyre red delicious or macintosh
omg haha ryuks apple addiction i remember that
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 5s 16GB Space Grey on 4GEE Max 7GB 24 Months contract...
Apple jacks mouth  dick 
How Does Apple Maps Know Im In The Car About To Drive Home Help
NowPlaying Bossaleana  Struggle ft. Lil Boosie on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
All the Apple iPhone features found in the latest in iOS 11 leak  Mashable
An Apple Charlies date in the fall would be clutch
Apple Ipad Amazon Kindle Fire Acer Asus Huawei Rca Trio Lot Of 17 Tabl
Eating apple apple greyparrot africangrey africangreyparrot
Lol issa bet
When you coming back to the Big Apple 
What all did u add Apple cider vinegar and what
Dear Apple Watch Youre not helping. Irma WiltonManors 
The Apple Watch is great but I really miss my fitbit
New News Event 3 alerts reporting on  apple app store florida hurricane irma links apple app store
Even without an Apple partnership this is one of the best long term hodls out there. My favorite bag bud. Im hodling for a year minimum
aint technology great sometimes
So apple informed me nothing is wrong with my ipads battery and canceled my repair request. It just jumped from 10 to 5.
you my cinnamon apple baby
I liked a YouTube video
Im so annoyed with Apple . Spent an hour trying to figure out why I couldnt log into my iCloud
Make a new friend But keep the Old. New is Silver and Old is Gold .......
abrosas10 HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEBE JOKE. APPLE PALA WIEEEEEE. PAKAIN KA
Its sangria. fruity redorange juicebrandy Apple cut uporange wedges. Its awesome with quesadillas
Heres Your First Look at the New Version of Apple s AirPods
I deleted my text messages but i forgot to delete them on my Apple Watch bro so she left me lmao
Only repubiccans have to see and categorize every penis they can.
Yay Cant wait to go to ConnerPrairie Apple store
us can we have better chargers that dont break apple 
Eating apple apple greyparrot africangrey africangreyparrot
Actually that was before And thats the closet ive ever missed since i missed my very first one last year
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Dear Florida and surrounding areas .....PRAYING FOR YOU pray irma goaway Apple Valley
i know Apple been the feds but .. shit.
Should I buy an Apple Watch
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
wishing the fantastic Apple Human Interface Guidelines were interactive to solidify understanding iosdev Im on read 5 or so.
iOS 11 GM leak confirms LTE Apple Watch features and design
Apple Watch 3 New Leak Predicts Watch Colors New Digital Crown And Confounds Earlier Rumor
Animojis. Jesus Apple . I will not give your money for an animated SHIT
awww my mom got these wireless headphones and shes so happy its not apple tho and im worried abt it breaking
3246 Pumpkins Apple Cider Football Games ALF AppleFest Walks Cu
The Observer view on the power of Apple and other tech giants
Apparently the CDN serving Apple s Update Servers to Mexico messed up and kept the iPhone106 IPSW up longer than other places.
Apple s redesigned iPhone 8 will be called iPhone X according to a leak
346 Falling Leaves Pumpkins Apple Cider Football Games ALF Appl
Or just get Apple compatible headphones.
DRUDGEREPORT GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
If Apple did it right it will live...this day. If Apple did it wrong  AAPL will silly season be over already finally 
ZDNET MobileIron adds Apple macOS features to its enterprise mobility managementtools cybersecurity
adorable child regarding an apple with wonder and bemusement Hell is this thing
Im just thinking about like apple juice mixed with cheese sauce
Add me in if u play
apple im kinda hurt 
Apple back to school felties
 OMG  APPLE 
September 12 Apple Event Confirmed What to Expect
New Single Is Out and Now Available On Apple Music Enjoy The Vibes
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Apple s Dependence On The iPhone Could Become Problematic
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev furniture Apple 
5 things we want to see in the next Apple Watch Telus Fort Sask
You will create a sell of when those who know nothing about  OMG get in because Apple rumors and doesnt happen. Sad... very sad
YES cider is good plus my friend was drinking this toffee apple stuff that was suuuper good
Bummer they should have hooked you up on resolving the bad battery performance. If its the iOS they shouldnt tell everyone to upgrade
Not yet lol but you register to get the codes go to apple s website and it takes 2300 off depending on which one you buy
I liked a YouTube video
Eve ate an apple .
Hello Apple where is my witch hat emoji I need it for October
Everyone is hype that it is pumpkin spice season but dont realize that apple season is also here and is far superior
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 27 iMac with Retina 5K Display Late 2015 3.2GHZ i5 1TB Fusion 8Gb
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 Late 2013 Core i74771 3.5GHz  8GB  3TB HDD  GTX 780M 4GB
Apple tv 4K and Iphone 8 next Tuesday Apple
Eating apple senegalparrot sennie apple
What An  Apple  OLED Display On The 1000 iPhone 8 Should Get You.
Thanks
And an apple
apple
 OMG and Apple  Here we go
Holy shit boner apple tree
we accidently washed oscs apple headphones and they still work how
Tablecloth1 ready for our applecrisp and apple muffins next Sat. 106 and Sun. 105 at historical societys booth at St. George AppleFest. 
Heres Your First Look at the New Version of Apple s AirPods  Mac Rumors
I zone the fuck out when Im watching the one on the Apple TV
New premium iPhone called iPhone X. Im super excited people. apple applenews iPhoneX
apple
Write another year off and no siri support but apple music video.
So in the full video at the end yall jus gonna show the apple on the sidewalk
YKYMisterFalcon here is buried town 1 there is no buried town 2 on ipad Apple  also the developers are Cantonese or a language like that. 
I think I downloaded an apple version I keep getting errors for all the vids. DarnAndroid
Apple iPad Air 2 WiFi 32GB Space Gray 9.7inch Tablet MNV22LLA via eBay
also the education pricing for apple is literally 30 off HOW is that supposed to help me 
Siri is still trash. Takes forever to transliterate and then gives me this. Apple Despite what Greg Joswiak says Siri is also for trivia. 
Its like an Apple designer just left snapping off and said That looks fine.
Im not a fanboi but I play one in real life. apple  aapl
Apple IPod touch 4th Generation Black 8 GB  Works Great Price 24.50 View and Buy this ...
Another Apple Leak
Another Apple Leak
themotleyfool is emargin providing oled to apple 
We have Baked Cinnamon French Toast Sticks. We no longer carry the Apple Cinnamon French Toast Sticks.
Honestly fuck Apple right now I have deleted so much shit  all Im trying to do at this very moment is check my damn email
That kid isnt old enough to drink beer. Must be apple juice.
excellent but i watched too much sesame street. what about you dear apple of my eye
Apple doesnt rot far from the tree
I have a taste for crown apple  cranberry juice
Apple  do I realllly need to buy a 29w charger when I have a perfectly good 87w already
Anyone down to buy an Apple Watch lol. Ive had it for about 2 months barely wore it. Selling it half price
DM bro
shut up . i never realized rbd was on apple music....
Didnt pay my Apple Music but I still have it for now 
probs would be easier if apple released an actual update dont u think
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Im not shitting you. Time to get on  omg when its still low. Get in Partnership with Apple getpaid
Ur right. Brits didnt end slavery. Islam still has 20000000 black slaves today. And Apple Computer has wage slaves in China.
Maiores peaks de Corpo Sensual nas plataformas digitais 01 Youtube BR 06 Apple Music BR 12 iTunes BR 15 Spotify BR 88 Deezer BR 
MY BON APPLE QUEEF 
I liked a YouTube video
Apple music just came in clutch 
From 5 days Im trying to make Korean apple ID to download soribada but I cant because of this shit its so fucking UNFAIR SoribadaBTS 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
we just went to apple and they said they dont really do the apple cord exchanges anymore bc they made them better quality...
Bike 6 stop Rebellion Vandermill Apple Rasberry Cider is super delicious 
Liked on YouTube iPhone 8 MASSIVE Leaks New AirPods Apple Watch  MORE
Lmao thats how u know I dont be on that anymore
Holy fuck someone just ruined all of Apple s announcements for Sept. 12 aka iPhone 8 day
Im drinking apple pie moonshine. So wasted RN
tech news The next Apple Watch
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
Of course now that Ive worked out I want apple cider donuts
AU Smart Magnetic Leather Stand Case Cover for Apple iPad 2 3 4 Air Mini Pro
My niece is a Sophomore at NorteDame
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi A1395 2nd Generation WIFI Tablet in Good Condition 16 GB
iOS 11 GM leak confirms LTE Apple Watch features and design
All the Apple iPhone features found in the latest in iOS 11 leak  Mashable
Letz raise the apple
Apple Watch 3 New Leak Predicts Watch Colors New Digital Crown And Confounds Earlier Rumor Forbes In the
Dear OlivierElkhatib I need to know the name of these songs you play that aint on Apple Music
Can you stream HBO from a laptop or Apple TV or something
Its been a year exactly since Apple Watch 2
Ive had Apple Pen in my head for a week save me
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked...
At this moment...I was storing an apple cider donut in my cheeks. TomMessner CaitlinMyNBC5 NC5KD can confirm that. plattsburgh
I hate when my Apple Watch tells me to stand like dont tell me what to do let me binge watch in peace
The iPhone is 10. Where does Apple go from here
apple Im not going to spend 1k on the same watch with little added feature. Make a round face watch
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that ma...  shit bro i guess it does
MacBook Pro 2016 Release Date Price Specs News  Update Upcoming Apple Laptop Going Will Be A Midrange Device
Video shared and posted KSI  Adams Apple ft Alesa Official Music Video 
If u love Halloween go to target no shut up go to target bitch theres candy apple kits
Sassy apple eater with grand fighting ambition 
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
All we want is group FaceTime Im tired of texting in a gm. I could care less about how I unlock my phone Listen to your customers Apple
IHOP French toasted an apple fritter You cant improve the fritter...
who got a lit playlist on apple music
its as if apple doesnt want us to have group facetime
Please RT iphone ipad mac Autonomous Vehicle Startup Zoox Snags 17 Former Apple Automotive...
Graphic design and Star Wars rebels with Caedmon designs adobe photoshop macbookpro apple
Please RT iphone ipad mac Jimmy Iovine Talks Apple Music Competing Services and Apple s Reaction to...
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Damn you Apple Apple get your shit together
Adams apple is a fucking tune KSIOlajidebt
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Rotten apple doesnt fall far...
The next Apple Watch will have LTE cell service
Bone apple tea 
Check out Apple s upcoming AirPods revision in full animated glory 
Top story Apple Watch as a baseball cheat No surprise here
Oaklands DACA rally ends back in Frank Ogawa where food spaghetti  meatballs sweet potatoes cornbread apple pie is laid out. 
So this was how it all started. BAEKHYUN has an apple phone. So do I. But we are not in any shape or form a couple BelieveInBaekhyun
RT JohnnyPacar  New music in the works. Until then previous music on digital media. music apple itunes 
Great
stop
Fruits ranked 1. Banana 2. Strawberry 3. Pineapple 4. Orange 5. Apple . . . . . Last. Fuckin kiwis man
Hes a criminal Apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
UKTomTom When is map 4 Queensferry Crossing please googlemaps Free  got it. Apple maps Free  got it. Go Mobile not Free  not got it.
Just got my first I phone ever. Was a BB user for over 20 yrs.
RT quickcarloannow  All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak  
Apple wins in software dept but not in hardware.
I liked a YouTube video
Cant wait to go on an Apple Orchard date
I Think I Lost My Apple Watch Charger
Its already on there lol
Embroidering an Apple Logo
I like how I tweet I never wanna hear U2again some ones an asshole here Apple .. areyoufuckingkiddingme idontwantyourshittymusic 
The Little Apple  It was a Jeopardy question answer once.
Listen and Download Beatvisory Instrumentals on Apple Music...
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES
Happy Hour Podcast 137  Eleventh hour iPhone X and LTE Apple Watch leaks 
Dont have any ESPN channels Apple TV is being retarded. So watching the Auburn game on the iPad. betterthennothing
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
BestAppleWireless Apple Watch 2 Case Julk i Watch TPU Screen Protector Allaround Protective 0.3mm Hd Clear
You need Apple TV bud
New Apple iPhones key feature is its price tag
Usher in Fall With a Caramel Apple Mule  MomTrends
Roasted Paleo Butternut Squash Soup with Apple from noshtasticblog is so easy to make and super healthy
Im mad they dont have AAP Rocky Houston old head or Get Lit on Apple Music
no way I have the 1st gen Apple TV
The last good Apple . beerline Beerline Trail Extension
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Video that apple doesnt need you to watch
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
Apple Valley V.S Barstow. Lets go Sundevils 
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get TalkU at
Apple iPhone 6S Plus 128GB Gold Verizon MEGA BUNDLE CLEAN ESN
Brave man. I wanted to wait until Apple officially releases the GM  who knows where that things been
In Business  startup small business entrepreneur wob . Apple top new phone to be called iPhone X . codes leaks dales tech 17
Hey thanks for all the leaks it will make Tuesdays Apple event all the more exciting. Its not like I look forward to the reveals or what
People We want a headphone jack Apple 
Working in applephotos trying to do stuff. Really not fit for purpose. Apple had aperture which was great but they killed it
i think i hit her apple actually
The world awaits a new iPhone. But the real news may be buried in a redesigned Apple Watch.
http goo.glCQryvf The next Apple Watch will have LTE cell service  TechCrunch
Apple i just bought the 7plus in July
Android has some great perks and can still sych with Mac
Microwavable popcorn is quite possibly the new apple of eden
remember her dad apparently being utterly dumbfounded at the concept of an apple 
Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with AdWords tracking update
Talking about apple Beijing barcode or shits
Feat. Crown Apple
Great Apple brought back the glass back so now when I drop my phone I can get a 2 for 1 deal again 
Thanks
Matt I work for the cookie company weve moved on to Dunkin donuts mocha and apple pie
Apple headphones suck anyways lol rt
Hey SmokyWhale  Bone Apple Teeth. 
Hook an IV filled with apple juice up to my veins and Ill be fine
Crystal Matte Hard Case Cover for Apple Macbook Air Pro Retina 11 13 12 inch
wait i change my vote to apple music
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iPad Air 2 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray CA via eBay
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Verizon 9.7in  Black via eBay
I can not wait  And hopefully new Apple Watch and Apple TV 
NEW Apple iPhone 7  256GB Unlocked MANY COLORS AVAILABLE TONS OF PHOTOS
News  The Observer view on the power of Apple and other tech giants
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 9.7in  Black via eBay
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black via eBay
Carpool Karaoke The Series  Shaq  John Cena  Apple Music
I just got that keyboard at work  very... very meh about it
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
Thank you espn app for apple TV for the 4K HD streaming My WTRF7News  ABC 6 is absolutely awful satellite HD lowdef
Apple
Blood Pressure Apple Cider Vinegar Lower Quickly Minutes Bloodpressure PanturaProject ... 
Apple s big iPhone reveal is days away
What do you even want credit for Apple didnt get the name from you lol
A drunk moose got stuck in an apple tree in Sweden. And this time its not because they write their news stories using Mad Libs.
Vannj03 Hope you enjoyed your visit to the Little Apple  The love and family atmosphere is top notch EMAW
Traded my Alienware 17 for this Apple EMate 300. 25 mhz ARM processor 8mb hard drive 3mb ram.
Apple really fucked up by taking away the headphone jack. I still aint get used to that yet
Heres Your First Look at the New Version of Apple s AirPods
Apple iPhone 8 secrets leaked Face ID new AirPods and more
DJ AMICE de DJ AMICE en Apple Podcasts
Any Dawgs in the Big Apple want to chime in
Now I just need my Apple Watch
I think Id like the The Fitbit Ionic better then my Apple Watch...
SamsungMobileUS Considering finally leaving Apple . S88 or note 8 Decisions decisions
All I want is for Apple s Mac Mail to let me zoom while composing and have attachments appear up below the subj. Im not asking a lot here.
Dont listen to anyone trying to say  OMG and Apple facepay. They are just looking for quick flip. Omise is solid without the need of rumors
Thanks hope I can watch it after this storm IrmaHurricane2017
New iPhone names are reportedly iPhone X iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus  CNET
apple can do stupid shit like this but they still cant make their chargers last more than a month.....wild
Yesterday at the Apple Store the guy who helped me was like lets compare apples to apples then was like wow didnt realize that pun
Correct Thats the closest we can get. Newer Apple TVs have the multicast feature you can watch four at a time Itll have to do.
I liked a YouTube video
Anyone elses iPhone slowed down due to the imitate new iPhone release ios11 technology apple slow
Apple sent me a cheeky Email saying that theyve charged me 20...... meanwhile I only pay for 79p for iCloud storage dpmo
Apple juss aint listening to people
That Time Apple Told Apple III Customers to Drop Their Computers
My Apple Music shuffle right now 
How a New Apple Watch May Threaten the Telecoms
Im not an apple fan. I hate Apple  Im saying 0.1 only came out on the Xperia play
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch technology feedly
Like how the fire somehow doesnt cover the Apple logo
I trying tape trying copy paste my info and nothing. All mine another devices are by apple and here all works with any problems. 
True. They mention iPad but I think in the context of the Apple SIM. Theyve had eSIM for 18 months since 9.7 iPad Pro.
Apple Watch 3 What we know what we expect what I want  CNET
9 Smart Things You Can Do With an Old iPhone
Nope. But android
Ive been using a littleknown Apple program since it began  and I would recommend it to anyone
ok fuck. soribada is forcing me to update but i used someone elses korean apple id and i forgot the password
Bum came in to the store. Bought a porno. Was short 0.80. Gave me a new apple lightning cable for the difference. maga
Apple Releases Safari Technology Preview 39a With Fix for Crashing Issue
Poison apple pendant by Votive Jewelry.  black and white  red
Apple s and trees come to mind lol
Vodka and Apple sours are deffo the reason for my hamartia
Right there with you. StillHatingApple
I just remembered you owe me a slow dance and an apple pie
I hate my Apple Watch. Its unreliable quirky and always delayed. Im eyeing the Motiv ring
spotify or apple music  spotify
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked
Apple s Top New Phone to Be Called iPhone X Code Leaks Show business
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked
i mean i have apple music but im pretty sure that wasnt common sense
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch There has been a series of
I love you
aws news Apache MXNet Version 0.11 Now Supports Apple Core ML and Keras
That is pretty much what he claimed. He could be trumps father apple  tree and all that.
apple pen pineapple pen
Paper Bag Apple Pie Cinnamon Sugar Butter Crust Recipe
Apple Pay is dropping support for websites that sell white supremacist merchandise
I got it on my Apple TV such clutch
Why is there an apple standing on end in the middle of a street
I look different when I have a full face of makeup on apple already has me as 3 different people in my photo albums
Heard it was leaked by a carrier giving Apple download URLs
I would if I had power...
i have a Apple pen i have a pineapple pen
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
Keep group FaceTime RT PRincessMiche  Apple
Check out ClayTravis Snapchat Apple TVs allow it
When your dad buys both of your guys favorite ices but they only have one Cotten candy  green apple favor...who gets it first...
MingChi Kuo explains the technology behind Face ID  Apple will introduce its 2017 iPhone models on September ...
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
NowPlaying Ehon  Mrs. Green Apple Î¾ 
us group FaceTime please apple 
No thanks
Life is very simple if Blackberry Apple  and IceCreamSandwich were just a foods
The Gear S2 Active or whatever looks nice. Functionally Android Wear isnt as great but circle form factor is huge plus over Apple Watch
That sure looks like an implementation of the Facet software that Apple bought a while back.
Apple accidentally shows the new Apple Watch in the latest iOS 11 beta.
Thanks I want to know all the new information
Apple TV Giveaway
9 Factors That Influence Testosterone Levels  Marks Daily Apple
Cinnamon apple chips from Target are the bomb
Apple Touch ID would be a great invention if it ever worked.
Apple picking travel apple fruit photooftheday Apple Country Orchards
Pretty bad not surprised the Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
5 things we want to see in the next Apple Watch Telus Fort Sask
apple users group facetime when apple 
Improve your Macs performance with this one simple trick Apple hates it
Apple products are pretty much status symbols nowadays ... Says a man who uses an iPhone
SO I LET MY SISTER USE MY APPLE ID AND THIS BITCH IS PAYING FOR SHIT WITH MY MONEY. MY HARD EARNED MONEY
WHY ISNT GROUP FACETIME A THING YET Apple
That was unexpected.
You have Apple Music or Spotify
everyone we want group facetime apple 
Mustard it will help prevent cancer Please only four apple seed a day 
I promise you android cameras are far more superior than apple ... samsung galaxys8 wtc 
Apple if you ever want real suggestions from normal customers HMU.
6 ways Apple s new mothership will be ultra green  GreenBiz
I wish odesza would post more stuff on apple music
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked
My iPhone just deleted all my music Ive gotten through Apple Music while I was listening to said music Now I have 5 songs left on my phone
i look like shit i get it apple
Wait... Im not a pretty airhead with an Apple Music subscription . Im DOOOMED
The apple never falls far from the tree.
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
Apple Music bbs
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple picking with the family today. We came home with an insane amount of apples. Branstool
The Better Apple of Dhar Mann
So Apple my phone dead but got enough juice to tell me charge it
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlocked 589
Apple cider vinegar has so many great benefits to taking it but theres no way its worth drinking it multiple times day
Apple sets likely iPhone event for September 12
Apple s big iPhone reveal is days away
How can you rushlimbaugh support apple . While it may be an excellent product apple is left as they can b
Us can we just have a longer battery life Apple 
In need of someone to go to an apple orchard w me
I liked a YouTube video
Just finished working for TheMagic Apple at the Magic Castle swap meet. Sold a bunch of stuff
Apple s like girl watchu doin
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Gold Verizon Smartphone
Top story meeekz  All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that bi
Ducking No apple  im not trying to say ducking All Im ducking is FUCKING TIMEWASTERS findom boss alpha beta paypig RTfucker
Top story Connecting to Apple Music.
Put this on Apple Music
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Stud Earrings  Apple Design
Spotify Apple Music
I went to the store just for Apple beer and they still asking for my I.d
Top story Connecting to Apple Music.
The Observer view on the power of Apple and other tech giants
You mad
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
apple pen
hello im gay and i cant cut an apple
Vinous cherry nose cherry notes prevalent sweet candy apple finish lighter bo... Tango
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
They should call Best Buy employees Genius instead of apple employees.
Fall is in the air My favorite time of year. Apple orchards spiced donuts homemade cider hay
YES. Ill package them with apple candy
Holy crap
Apple care is what saved me the last time
Fiona Apple  Across The Universe 10.09.17 0043
OULUOQI 42mm Soft Silicone Replacement Band for Apple Watch Series 2 Series 1 Sport Edition ML Size  Black ... 
This is how low Apple s Innovation has fallen The next iPhone creates animated emoji from your facial expressions
Careful. Drinking that stuff. Ugh. To many problems Need a natural pick up no crash. Try juicing a apple and piece of ginger.
SocialMed News All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iO
What about... All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS
I hate having an iphone why does Apple need to review a stupid anime dating sim just LET ME DATE V ALREADY
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6S Unlocked 405
I liked a YouTube video
Why do men have ponder themselves over a tv its just like choosing a apple gift card its not that hard to pick out a simple tv
Clever but trump has been consistently signaling or straight up on their side for years on issues. Bit of an apple v orange there.
RT youngscrap 90 sure apple has the technology to make wireless chargers for iPhones. But they rather give out shitty cords that break to
BuyLuxury Slim Mat Red Metal Plating Cover For Apple iPhone 5 5S SE Hard PC 360 Degree Fu Malaysia shop click here
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
i have an apple
HOW MANY OF my brothers are pissed about Svengoolie new time slot I liked 10 pm better Oh my Jinn told me to eat apple seeds and much
apple music APPLE MUSIC ISSAALBUM BANKACCOUNT ERLEE Santa Monica California
Ridiculous prices Time to go with alternatives or Wait for free phone plans.
Long Saturdays mean having homemade baked ziti and strawberries and apple cider for dinner right 
Check out the latest podcast featuring TheScarefest Apple 
Binance listing the 12th Apple Keynote the 12th The 200K buy wall today FacePay being confirmed. It all makes sense now.  OMG
apple pie and cool sweaters 
Seriously their  apple pie has the luscious texture of Drambuie or a Polish Royal mead.
Thank you Apple
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch
Things issss I GOT MY APPLE MUSIC but Pandora switches it up sometimes ya know y CAGA EL PALO EVERY SINGLE TIME LMAO
The apple festival apple nomoreplease butiloveit family en
Leaked iOS 11 GM Reveals iPhone 8 Features Hints at LTE Apple Watch
AffyTapple Disappointed. Mushy apple . 
Taint that the truth
Apple Music thanks bro
December 2014 Apple Pulls WhitePower Music From iTunes
Got a deal with Apple but I still feel enTidaled I see what you did there.
I liked a YouTube video
They should make a version of the florals for spring quote for wearing plaid and a vest Apple picking in fall
In other news said Apple employee was generally offended that I dislike Photos and shunned it for iPhoto for years and years. Sorry dude.
Okay Maybe the apple orchard or something And yes on a weekend I dont work Ill come up there
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple 038 Cheddar Hard Cider Soup with Crispy
Firmware Suggests New Apple Watch Might Launch in Ceramic Gray and Aluminum Blush Gold
Apple picking in the Type R apples applepicking fall shortshorts babes cargirls 
No more temptations. Sticking with my trusty 5s
James Franco on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night September 8th  part 4 The bleeped out words are  apple crumble 
Mrs. GREEN APPLE StaRt
I dunno... Im a frequent scroller of the Apple Music charts and I havent seen any of that
Video shows how the Apple iPhone X Face ID will work
Apple is creating an award show for educator
i convince everyone to get apple music lmao
Me sigam na Apple Music
I am just going to wait for Tuesday to hear all about it. Ill let Apple enjoy revealing it to me. They worked hard leakers are ruining it
The apple didnt fall far from TheRevAl s tree.
Happy Hour Podcast 137  Eleventh hour iPhone X and LTE Apple Watch leaks
Steak and chips and apple pie.
Apple is about to hold its biggest ever announcement. And heres what will happen
Video shows how the Apple iPhone X Face ID will work
slams paws on the table yess Thats adorable Id have to wash it with Apple scented soap for the full effect
So iTunes just charged me 12.66 but Apple Music is only 9.99 but Im bouta cancel anyway cuz yall fucked up my cover art.
Drinking a Hopped Apple Cider by stemciders 
I love that Mrs. Green Apple song SBSPopAsia
My new Apple keyboard looks awesome doesnt it 
This is the first time in A LONG TIME that Apple didnt announce iOS 11 official release date Good thing Im running the betas iOS11 
Morning breakfast apple dulu ya 
i have the worst luck when it comes to apple
Me when Apple Pay wasnt working on my phone in maccies so I had to use my card x
The YouTube app not playing music when locked isnt apple s fault... thats a YouTube Red feature lol
apple just pissed me off for the first time ever
Now you will all know how disappointed I am in you via emoji. Thx Apple .
Apple Expected to Announce Major iPhone Redesign on Tuesday
SoundCloud  apple music need to combine . My playlist will be so fire 
90 sure apple has the technology to make wireless chargers for iPhones. But they rather give out shitty cords that break to make more money
Sale
Advertisers ready AR marketing is set to be a game changer
bruh chugging down orange apple juice is so refreshing...
NEW SEALED Apple IPad Pro 64GB WiFi 10.5 Inch  Space Gray MQDT2LLA Price 647.95 ...
What Apple Watch face do you use
Apple Watch Stand Aeifond 2 in 1 iWatch Stand Desktop Charging Dock Station...
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
lawolum 3 pts in the big apple  Love it
ONE WEEK UNTIL OUR NYC BUDDY WALK We are so excited See you all in the Big Apple 
Apple Embraces Augmented Reality
I am kinda bummed the watch isnt going to change form factor at all. Really interested in new AirPods and new Apple TV tho.
If you look up Jeff Lavender on Apple Music the first thing that comes up is Gay Mens Chorus of Washington DC.
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
us can we have group facetime calls apple 
Apple ARKit  A Goldmine For App Developers  Via BloombergQuint
verge okay the YouTube thing isnt Apple s fault
Can we get uno on the iPhone games B Apple 
Apple is dropping breadcrumbs on its official website that are actually job postings.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Im just realizing that the first song I have on the playlist Ur by SZA isnt on Apple Music so yall cant get the full introduction
Snaps positioning never made sense we dont compete with Facebook we compete with Apple 
i am currently eating an apple
The voice over artist for Apple s Siri just followed us. Cool apple lol
In other news I had no idea that the MickeyMinnie Mouse Apple Watch faces speak the time to u
Search locations and more on maps for Apple TV
Apple Expected to Announce Major iPhone Redesign on Tuesday CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY...
Win an APPLE TV and Lifetime Subscription to Awakn TV  its time to Awakn  Enter here
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Nextway DJ Kiss APPS Apple
Big find in the Big Apple . Dont forget to enter for a chance to win prizes and concert tickets
Is the Apple Watch now mightier than the bat
While apple picking The Boy asked if McIntosh apples are named after the computer. DrinkingtheKoolAid
We not racist we love white people Ford trucks apple pies bald eagles.
I really really hope the Apple employee who I enabled screen sharing with enjoyed my plethora of Warby Parker glasses selfies.
Charlottesville violence As American as apple pie
Thank god
Big apple coming in clutch in psl
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
RR Jams incubus RRJams spotify Apple South Hills Village
Awesome Love apple . Bye for now.
Doesnt get any more American than APPLE PIE I like mine with a slab of cheddar cheese melted on it
Thing is I have apple cider vinegar in my house but never use it with the mask
We have a new blog entry  6 things Apple should change on the Mac App Store
Apple recruits four more TV execs to join its growing video content team
Apple iPad Pro 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked9.7inSpace Gray SMALL SCRATCH via eBay
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
mtv Can you PLEASE equalize the commercial volume in your app for Apple TV Trying to destroy my speakers
Ok but who wants to take me to the pumpkin patch  go apple picking
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
PositionToWin You mentioned Boston had 99 steals this season. Does that include the ones with the Apple watch
Apple iPhone 6  64GB Space Gray ATT Smartphone Used Bad Network Connection
Fall is in the air My favorite time of year. Apple orchards spiced donuts homemade cider hay
I liked a YouTube video
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Im baking bread and I have apple butter in the CrockPot. My house smells like Fall.
Whens the 8 come out
Was gonna watch Twin Peaks during my dinner but my Apple TV is about as useless as iTunes for UX and it wont let me sign up for Showtime.
BAD APPLE WARS No.64 
Dear Apple please let me engrave my AirPods so I dont keep getting them mixed up wth my husbands. stickers are ugly 
Display Release on apple CAST
Youve got to try making apple nachos Theyre a great snack to share. sharingiscaring 
Im tryna work for Apple
Happy Hour Podcast 137  Eleventh hour iPhone X and LTE Apple Watch leaks. Read more
PRICELIST ITUNES IOS ONLY NOT FOR ANDROID SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE 
The Inside Story of Apple s Efforts to Make Siri Sound Human
Random Thoughts on Apple Markets
buzzing for apple watch 3
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
man. i fuckin love apple juice
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Everything we expect to see at Apple s big iPhone 8 reveal
New AirPods on the 12th September apple keynote 
Give this man the Crystal Apple Award
Apple Care
Top story Apple iOS 11 leak hints at Apple Watch LTE and new colors
Homemade pizza and apple pie
Bragg  Organic Apple Cider Vinegar Miracle Cleanse Concentrate  32 fl. oz.
That apple didnt fall far from the tree. Detached parenting passed on to yet another generation
APPLE
apple Cuts iPhone SE 64GB Model Price Following.... gogadgets technews technologyfacts
Ill take hammer to my phone and I pad if this is true. No more Apple phones for me
Can we bring back wristbands attached to the cellphones or do I gotta stop being cheap and get a Apple Watch
That apple didnt fall far from the tree.
Apple Pay is so clutch.
Apple iPhone 6  64GB Space Gray ATT Smartphone Used Bad Network Connection
That apple is forbidden fruit
The most efficient Mac cooler... THAT APPLE DOESNT MAKE I like the idea of an X that Apple doesnt make series
Apple users go to
It took everything I had not to buy apple pie oreos
Western Digital seeks Y50 bln from Apple to help finance Toshiba chip bid Kyodo
yall really out here releasing a new phone and making my turn to shit even tho it was working fine two months ago Apple
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
The next Apple Watch will have LTE cell service  TechCrunch
Today marks one year Ive been at Apple  Ayyyy turn up its time for me to be rude to every rude ass customer I get today
Yep wont change that Im still getting that iPhone X and new Apple Watch.
What Apple DOESNT WANT YOU TO KNOW Improve YOUR Mac performance with one easy trick
2018 Apple may replace 3D face scanning with DNA test on the next iPhone...
there is a good chance youll find our song on Spotify and Apple Music on Friday... oh and free download of course
Apple  Microsoft Facebook rich people employing the poor to do slave labor for them. This time the only difference is their nationality
A bunch of details about the iPhone 8 were just confirmed by leaked Apple software
me i love fall wearing sweaters and apple picking and halloween and hot apple cider its the best my seasonal depression 
Why Apple s HomePod and other AI assistants wont win a massive market
In the future children will be counting like this.... apple 1 apple 2 apple 3 apple 4 apple 5 appple 5 apple 7 apple 8 Apple xD
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
I liked a YouTube video
Apple cider vinegar been doing my face so good
Craving the last of that Apple pie
Ah ha I think that was the one that keeps turning up in our garden....massive thing....pinched Johns apple and flew off with it.
I spent 58 minutes working out with Apple Health. 222 calories burned. LoseIt
Check Us Out on Apple News
Apple s redesigned iPhone 8 will be called iPhone X according to leaked code
Daddy has no manners and the apple didnt fall far from the tree
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Retweeted Apple News  applenws  How to Read a Message in iMessage for iPhone without the Sender Knowing You...
Can you pause it though...thats the question. My pet peeve about UFC Fight Pass is that you cannot at least on Apple TV
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
i just realized i didnt pay my apple music and it expires today
Had a good day apple picking with my girls. 
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
Apple IPhone 6s  128GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone Price 251.71 View and Buy ...
Apple 5S 32g Verizon
ME there is a new type of beer called Banora Apple Wine shirtless guy sephiroth witht 104 followers Shut the fuck up ME Yes sir
Display Release on apple CAST
Farm workers literally handed you that apple chasingtheharvest
APPLE DOESNT FALL TOO FAR FROM THE SHARPTON TREE BREAKING Al Sharptons Daughter Arrested 
Apple unveils the iPhone 8 next week  heres everything you need to know
Apple none of my chargers are working all of sudden you niggas not slick
Okay so she also made normal apple crumble for dessert so dont worry were okay here.
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
The best stuff ever Ive never done it with the Apple cider vinegar though I wonder if the results are different
ILoveBlueBell really wish yall would make an Apple Pie Edition
Agreed. Im still very disappointed in that and also the reports that he was involved w the Apple Watch thing. Not a leader. Oh well.
Not going to support scumbag Apple and their disgusting leader anymore. Will have to manage the transition as I have iPhone iPad and iMac
Apple Just Leaked iOS 11 and Looks Like Were Getting an iPhone X
StaRt  Mrs. GREEN APPLE 
Wasnt sure if you use Apple Music or Spotify
i really desperately need a new phone and i dont want one but apple is doing this on purpose to make me get one 
AT THE APPLE STORE IN PASADEA FEELING FUCKING ATTACKED RIGHT NOW OHMYFUCKINGGGGGGG
First apple picks of the season honeycrisp
Apple Bottomed Madison Monroe Sits Her Love Tunnel On A Lengthy Meaty Pole
Apple loves me.
I hope the type of apple people that bash android for having a shitty cameras realize that the pixel has the best camera in the market rn.
Always been a die hard Apple fan but that interaction at the store today made me lose a little faith in them
aPPLE CARE SAID I COULD TAKE THE STROLLE 
Twitter 1010 2204430 Freedoms of Tweeting 00052 Apple IPhone
I refuse to buy anything Apple .
The new Animoji will use facial tracking to capture your amazement as new Apple products are presented. 
The Next Apple Watch Will Have LTE Cell Service
Top stori All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
The Next Apple Watch Will Have LTE Cell Service
The Next Apple Watch Will Have LTE Cell Service
The Next Apple Watch Will Have LTE Cell Service
Top story  Apple iOS 11 leak hints at Apple Watch LTE and new colors
Apple picking sunflowers pumpkins and more fall2017 
Years ago it was an apple bong picnic
TheRevAl apple doesnt fall from the tree huh Pay your taxes
SneakyChef Caramel Apple Fruit Spread tastes like dessert but is secretly sneaking nutrition of 3 diff veggies
So that was a 1 with tater tots and a jumbo coke. Can I interest you with an apple pie today sir
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
Are you much of a cook I was wondering if you might make an apple pie for me
Use your free time this weekend to try this Mimolette Apple  and Cranberry Galette recipe
ONE OF WINDSOR  Beth M Caruso 2016 New Apple Historical Fiction Official Selection
Bout My Paper  Single by Chubb Raps on Apple Music
I can taste the Apple cinnamon and something else that gives it a fun... Great America Apple Pie
Ahmed from the Apple Store was a MAN
Apple get rid of the 10 and 20 warning and give me a bitch run at 1
If you didnt have this phone by Apple  you sure missed out 
I farted in the Apple store the other day and everyone got pissed. Not my fault they dont have Windows.
Mom I need more apple pie. drmerritt314
It really is feeling like Fall here in our corner of the world. And whats better than apple 
Apple iPhone 6  64GB Space Gray ATT Smartphone Used Bad Network Connection
Listen to Travis Scott  Apple Pie by La Flame np on SoundCloud
Now popular All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 
Apple Watch
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. What a fake family
Top story All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11
Exactly. 100 on the money.
Just made two pans of stuffed shells and an apple pie. I impress myself sometimes.
Listen to GEazy  No Limit feat. AAP Rocky  Cardi B by FK APPLE MUSIC 3 np on SoundCloud
Apple picking fun 
At the Young the Giant concert and its 14 a beer and they dont even have Miller or Reds apple ... Basically just bud light wtf bruhh
Tell ur littlest to give me back my glasses bc that isnt nice. Apple doesnt fall far from the family tree
Yeasted Apple Coffee Cake recipe 
8 Macbook Pro Charger Ac 60w LTip Power Adapter Replacement Charger for Apple Macbook Pro
techhippie ProductHunt The new Animoji will use facial tracking to capture your amazement as new Apple product
Ive became your pupil youve taught me everything without a poison Apple . drainyou 
PH The new Animoji will use facial tracking to capture your amazement as new Apple products are presented.
What to expect from Apple s Sept. 12 event iPhone X  8 Apple Watch with LTE 4K Apple TV with HDR.
iOS 11 leak reveals the LTEenabled Apple Watch
Bout time I got a Apple Watch .
The new Apple MacBook Pros with the touch bars are more sensitive than me
PSYCHO MANTIS LOVES HIS APPLE PIES
Charge and listen iPhone 8 ... simple Apple
Just had a third pair of AirPods replaced at the Apple Store and theyre still super glitchy when walking. Even had the replaced too.
Anyone want to buy me a MacBook that would be great because my laptop just broke and i need one for class an Im broke nursingschool Apple
Sounds good. Do you have an app in the Apple Store
I will rather pass SamsungMobileUS and Apple need to reduce down the prices with no subsidy pricing model from carriers. ripoff bycott
Apple s customer service is always amazing They know how to keep a customer for life.
12W USB 2.4 Amp Wall Charger  8 Pin Cable for Apple iPad Mini Air iPhone 5  5s BuyNOW 8.65 deal
iOS 11 firmware reveals apparent names of Apple s next phones iPhone X iPhone 8 Plus  iPhone 8.
Apple  Palisade Peach Black Currant and Pineapple The Ice Cave Cider House
I liked a YouTube video
need a 50 off code for the studio 3 beats. Thanks Apple BestBuy beatsbydre
Firmware reveals Apple Watch Series 3 to come in Blush Gold Ceramic Gray.
I liked a YouTube video
im a big Apple fan but the Apple Watch is SOOOOOOOOOOOO useless
This week on appleinsider  iPhone 8  Apple Watch details leak in iOS 11 GM Apple may buy Bond new Beats  more
Apple Inc.  AAPL Isnt Just a Hardware Company Anymore
A bunch of Apple s new iPhone secrets appear to have leaked
Youve taught me everything about a poison apple
I need a android fuck apple
Already cracked into my bottle of crown apple
Apple s big iPhone reveal is days away
let apple come out with a feature where u can record ft calls it would be over do u hear me OVER
My kind of haul from the apple orchard. The family that runs
Learn to thermal paste Apple ..
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Inner workings of Apple s Face ID camera for iPhone 8 detailed in report.
All apple has to do now is add dominos on iMessage.
How does 23 and a box of apple cider donuts sound
No fear of Apple as China rivals plan own debuts with new iPhone  Economic Times
Brains are sexually dimorphic.So does gender.Enby isnt gender.Part of an apple diffused with an orange doesnt make a new fruit.
Hi AppleSupport  I wondered if you might be able to help with this query Many thanks in advance
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
LTE Apple Watch Series 3 tipped in leaked iOS 11 GM.
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6S  64GB  Rose Gold Factory Unlocked ATT Verizon Clean Good
Im just trying to go apple picking soon.
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree does it
Happy looks so good on your Nicolette hope youre loving life in the big apple
Apple contributes 5M to Hand in Hand hurricane relief effort to open donations this weekend.
apple peds
Every single time I see someone in Bear Mountain or Beacon or apple picking in Warwick I roll my eyes. youre still living the dream tho.
Apple s foreign suits against Qualcomm can continue while US case ongoing judge rules.
Any Apple AirPods owners experiencing poor connectivity issues when listening to music while walking w in pocket Cc AppleSupport 
CuseFootball NunesMagician BrentAxeMedia  pretty sure I saw an Apple Watch on MTSU coach  
Apple updates WWDC app for iOS Apple TV with support for Handoff.
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch
Happy Hour Podcast 137  Eleventh hour iPhone X and LTE Apple Watch leaks Zac Hall9 to 5 Mac
Diabetes monitoring company Dexcom partners with Fitbit but Apple Watch users not abandoned.
Apple Kitchen Lot Utensils Pitcher Canister and Plate
Apple Watch
Making fresh pumpkin pie today and possibly Apple too
KSI Responds To Me Exposing Him Adams Apple ft Alesa  NetNobody Disst...
Coffee  Apple pie
Spotify drops Web streaming for users of Apple s Safari browser.
How hard is it for Apple to do this
Who tf is gunna go apple picking with me
Microsoft launches My Workspace Office 365 toolbar for Apple s macOS.
I liked a YouTube video
their
22 Im sure everybody is looking forward to the Apple keynote to see the iPhone X in action. This iPhone is AMAZING GREAT WORK
I liked a YouTube video
Shout out for Apple for giving me a new phone because my old one got destroyed from the flood.
Bungalow on the Beach by S x S officially now on Spotify Apple Tidal and Soundcloud indie treble music
Fox studio head hints deal for early rentals on Apple s iTunes still 612 months out.
RT PandoraPBlive themamasaneliquid asap a tart green apple  strawberry chew and peach gummy candy flavors
applewatch Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Gold Aluminum Case Concrete Sport Band  MNNJ2LLA 
I was trying to go to the Apple Store in prudential.
No Google  Apple have a Sheriff Squad
I been getting so many compliments on my Apple Watch since I changed my band . Waiting until I get these diamonds tho
VEGGIE GALAXY HAS APPLE CIDER DONUTS. Anyone wanna come with me to get some tomorrow
What if the HomePod and iOS firmware leak are all misdirection by Apple 
Only half a tub of apple green with turquoise instead
9 pitches is all it takes in the apple watch game. Flawless method suck lemons rest of MLB
What to expect from Apple s iPhone event on September 12th
Apple out they damn mind
I use an Apple Pencil Ive tried all types of stylus and none can compare on an iPad Pro
KlanActivities On Spotify Now PlayStation apple Spotify Rt Klan XboxOne iPhone 
Im too excited for this Apple announcement sheeple
Apple Events  Keynote September 2017  Apple
Fill in the blank  apple 
Check out my latest video KSI  Adams Apple But Everytime He Disses NetNobody The Video Gets Faster
Reds Apple Ales Thats not drinking
Apple
I want apple pie and cheesecake
When will the new iOS drop
Heres a look at what Apple might launch on September 12
fuck them and im chillin fr i just copped a bottle of crown apple lol whats up
Apple hates him Learn how this guy kept his Mac cooler in 1 complex step
That is how Mahdi takes Odr Papers he was The Police who became the Apple of Ton Otto Thor taking care of Nina...
At a vegan restaurant rn probably the worst decision Ive ever made. They got good apple juice tho so Im chillin
Chad from apple sigma pic banged the volleyball team
Every month my iMac self destructs and wont open any programs. This is foolishness apple
Firmware leak points to LTE connectivity in the next Apple Watch
why you eat an apple with cutlery
Amazon and Apple Both Want Bond James Bond  The Motley Fool 
My new sounds Apple Suport Prank Call
Apple wood or hickory
Apple your marketing strategy 
JeffBurton if tv adds 10 lbs it must also add 1 ft to some but not others. Need a taller Apple crate
Apple Iphone 4s Review
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Got a back to school Apple  Eve VoxBox nice treat to get through Irma for the kids 
Bungalow on the Beach by S x S officially now on Spotify Apple Tidal and Soundcloud ...
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
Whaaaaaaat Ugh. I already have Apple Music but Hulu alongside Spotify would be nice.
Thats all me want Apple
V Apple  Im getting real sick of your shit
CAN YOU NOT WATCH THE UGA GAME THRU APPLE TV UGA
Apple s New iPhones To Be Called iPhone X iPhone 8 And iPhone 8 Plus 
I Cant Wait To Watch It
iphone Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
What is Minecraft Ep. 2 w Potato Pizza and Apple 
Its like expectin an apple to taste like an orange. The fruit isnt the problem. Your expectations are.
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch Financial Times ÎÄ
ESIST .techtv recommends  What to Expect at Apple s Sept 12 iPhone 8 Unveiling Event
My daughter working on ST Math at the Fashion Valley Apple Store. NerdAlert NerdsRule MsScarby hillsdalepride 
If you were a tropical fruit youd be a Fine apple
Apple should give you a job to keep you from releasing leaks next year
Amazon Facebook Apple and Google are amassing our data but for the sole purpose of finding out
Insights into the new Apple iPhone
Londons iconic Battersea Power Station will be Apple s new UK headquarters
Apple Cider Vinegar always does the magic in few minutes
I wanted an iwatch . But with the new iPhone8 rumored to cost over 1k i dont want to commit to the Apple life anymore.
New post Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
How Its not in the Apple Store
Who needs an Apple Watch when you have an iPad Astros Athletics 
pham1717 with the Apple reference...
I liked a YouTube video
Apple  A Tiny Welsh Chipmaker Is Up 314 This Year 
Apple iPod touch 128GB Gold 6th Generation NEWEST MODEL Size 128GB Color G
My Apple Music been fucking up
I spent 5 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Enjoy yourself. Tell them to use an Apple watch.
I spent 2 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
I spent 18 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
I spent 1 hour and 31 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
apple and mango x 
Bug took Apple s Developer website down amid hacking fears
The apple doesnt fall from the tree.
Apple put focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Leaks suggest new imagecapture technology to vie with Silicon...
Didnt think Id be spending my Saturday chatting with Apple support for over three hours and yet here we are. 
Its apple picking season tooexcited fall
I had never heard of these till today when a friend pointed them out  galls from oak apple gall wasps 
I would not be surprised but I would be impressed if all of the iPhone leaks were orchestrated by Apple . Its possible right
I miss the days when Apple could keep a secret.
Make great product. Love my apple
Me quedo con Apple
iCloth wipes are the fastest and easiest way to clean fingerprints dust and dirt from your Apple products.
ValaAfshar Please can you tell me what apple Inc. Mission statement is I didnt find it on their website. Thanks
ShawlandsPS anyone for apple pie We have more than we can eat. 
Whats your favorite fruit  I like so many Probably cherries or maybe apple ...
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with AdWords tracking update onlinemarketing
I still have the series zero apple watch but I reckon with end of life pricing I could be tempted to upgrade.
For the millionth time Apple let us use our phones while ignoring calls at the same time PLEASE
Cinematic Clouds Logo Reveal  Apple Motion ETBV  Dowload
Apple Watches and Stolen Signs Add Fuel to YankeesRed Sox Rivalry Technology
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Apple s big iPhone reveal is days away
An apple a day still keeps the doctor away right
This week on AI 039iPhone 8039  Apple Watch details leak in iOS 11 GM Apple may buy Bond new Beats  mo...
I bought pumpkin spice cheerios Halloween Oreos  apple cider fallaf itsthemostwonderfultimeoftheyear
My single Ditoro is available on iTunes Apple Music Deezer Tidal Google Play and
Hubbys 55 Bel Air took home an award today at the Apple Valley Cruisers Endless Summer Show  Shine. 55onbottleneckdrive summerland 
Lmao this dude is fr smoking out of an apple work
Firmware Suggests New Apple Watch Might Launch in Ceramic Gray and Aluminum Blush Gold 
I hate my iPhone more than Ive hated anything else Ive ever owned. Hope apple go bust
The new Animoji will use facial tracking to capture your amazement as new Apple products are presented. 
craving carmel apple lollipops
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 27 iMac with Retina 5K Display Late 2015 3.2GHZ i5 1TB Fusion 8Gb
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 Late 2013 Core i74771 3.5GHz  8GB  3TB HDD  GTX 780M 4GB
They have the Apple Support stores in some malls. Im pretty sure theres one in Lafayette if youre still around there
Making a fall stovetop potpourri to fill the house with yummy smells of clove cinnamon orange apple  rosemary and bay leaves.
are they turning into apple and releasing a new video
Apple Store. You might get a new phone. Besides apple makes it hard for third parties
Damn maybe YouTube and apple are in cahoots
Check out my latest video KSI  Adams Apple But Everytime He Disses NetNobody The Video Gets Faster
THE BEST CEREAL IS APPLE JACKS OR FROOT LOOPS I WILL FIGHT OKAY
Cook is going to find out fast when the new IPhone doesnt sell to half of this country. Apple must stop supporting HATE GROUPS Apple
Crown royal regal Apple liq the devil
I have rented an iTunesMovies via my iPhone. Does anyone know if I can watch it on other Apple devices via my account If so how Thanks
iPhone 8 is iPhone X Apple s big secret spills
Well hey if it worked from the Siri button on my cars steering wheel I figured let me try it with Apple Watch. 
boa noite eu amo got7 twice b.i.g mamamoo got7 monsta x apple .b got7 bts exo e got
Im to lazy to throw away the apple core so I just eat it
got me up so high tryin get a piece of that apple pie
COON ASS if you were not pushing that APPLE SHIT WE WOULD NOT BE IN THIS MESS LOL 
apple Its great Siri can pull up the MLB division standings but she should be able to pull up the wildcard standings too. Postseason
lol Im convinced apple is working with them
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
APPLE MUSIC HANDS DOWN
Î¾Display Release on apple CAST
Pumpkin apple cranberry bread.
thank you apple for the uno.... kinda mad I need 3 friends tho
Dunno the article mention the Apple SIM not an eSIM
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Tbh Ill upgrade my Apple Watch once they greatly decrease the thickness
Apple put focus on camera in new iPhone launch Leaks suggest new imagecapture technology
Ohio State Buckeyes NCAA Apple iPhone 3G 3GS Faceplate Case Plastic Hard Cover
The famed maple apple pie I swear youll get some one day
I think its the cutest freaking thing that kevin was worried that with my new work schedule we wouldnt be able to go apple picking
Apple Backed Billionaire Makes Case to Buy Toshiba Chip Unit
apple music APPLE MUSIC DIDYOUSEE COMMONSENSE ERLEE Santa Monica California
I hate I have to buy a brand new MacBook charger. None of Apple cords sturdy.
Wanna do autumn shit. Hay rides apple picking cider brewing corn maze running haunted house pumpkin patch cornucopia making...
Cant wait for Apple to release the RAM doubler OTA update.
An apple tree in Germany
Apple Orchard Cotton Neck Tie Tango Max Raab Blossoms Apples Red Green Blue  eBay
I liked a YouTube video
Seems like apple cider vinegar just healing everything
Apple iOS 11 leak hints at Apple Watch LTE and new colors
The 1tn question how far can the new iPhone 8 take Apple 
Im so looking forward to the Apple event
RT Cool Calc appstore Unique Simple design Flickcalc
Bigger new Apple IPhone X release or ChipotleTweets queso release on Sept 12 queso
All the new Apple iPhone features we know about from that big iOS 11 leak
For the night shift OUvstOSU on TV BAYvsUTSA on Apple TV AUBvsCLEM on iPad Also of interest UGAvsND  USCvsSTAN
Black Apple Crossing Princess Peach  blackapplexing  is on replacing Black Apple Crossing Black Jack  blackapplexing 
Im thirsty for an Apple Watch but I dont need it
Do not buy apple products until the new joints come out.
themamasaneliquid asap a tart green apple  strawberry chew and peach gummy candy flavors
Went apple picking today
Pretty nice little Saturday SpursOfficial win UMichFootball win Annual apple picking with Lucas 
Apple  stay out of politics. Cant believe you are donating 2M to those crooks New York lawyers at Southern Poverty Law Center.
Meatpacking Apple Store today. Me Help My phone wont charge  Im going to RuPaul s DragCon tomorrow Apple  hands me new phone
Apple has nothing to do with the YouTube app lol YouTube Red exists and it offers that
Apple s Top New Phone to Be Called iPhone X Code Leaks Show
If Chief get that contract with Apple we going to have a new leader of the new school.
Me I just want my iPhones battery to last longer Apple  Next iPhone will have a teleportation feature so you can travel to the moon Me 
iPhone 8 release What Apple is about to announce  and what it is not
Apple s new iPhone is set to launch Tuesday and leaks suggest that they have spent extra time developing a camera to rival Samsung. 2150br
Fun day all about apples. Candy apples apple pie fried apples apple fritters etc. 
15. Apple music y iPhones 
Apple Just Leaked iOS 11 And It Looks Like Were Getting An iPhone X
Is Coming.... iPhone7s iPhone8 em Apple Lincoln Road
argumate ameizinglybad argumate I get the feeling that Apple will be lambasted by a tech press...
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch  Financial Times
Apple blossums come out latter than stonefruit. Note leaves with blossum. amisfieldforage
Balcers gets an apple on the DeSimone opener as well.
Ive been trying to avoid Apple event spoilers mostly unsuccessfully. Reading about new stuff is less enjoyable than seeing the keynote.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
someone take me on an apple orchard date
The next Apple Watch will have LTE cell service
YOU ARE MY CINNAMON APPLE 
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Alone Amice Remix Alan Walker APPS Apple
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked
My bank sent me a CUCUMBER MINT and APPLE sparkling drink smh was disgusting af
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Im at Double Apple Grill  Hookah in Houston TX
Making Apple Juice. makingapplejuice applesfromthetree fallharvest
Thank U for your good work. Pls answer why 2 watches 1 on each wrist 1 was Apple  1 looked analog. I hope to learn from this. beSafe
Display Release on apple CAST
Try the apple kiwi ones Drank that during my gaming session last night and it was pretty good c
2 apple cinnamon fritters for a kiss
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Michael scofield already figured out a way to get past that apple . Yall need to do better
Please RT if you like architecture design architects interiordesign Apple Releases New MacBook Pro...
huelusa Mmm had a yummy Huel with apple cider and banana. So sweet like apple pie filling
LMAOO no dutch apple  Blueberry
A person buyin arbor mist and reds apple ale is not someone I wanna party with
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
Youll see what we have in store. Tuesday 10 Pacific
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
We all know about apple cider vinegar without your help
Cant wait to go apple picking with this cutie KianaEileen
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
My point is not that all iPhones will cost over 1K but that Apple remains a luxury product. We need a cheap safe consumer phone in 2017
With the new iPhone starting at 1000 Apple enters luxury territory. Will people buy it
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Slob on the knob is trending 1 on Apple Music I wrote that song when I was in 11th grade  the bag still coming in  thank you
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process via mashable
Clich but muchneeded Apple Charlies date
If I had to guess Id say Apple figures that more little cores will help keep big ones from powering up as often
I just need a gallon of apple cider  a hug
No doubt JoshPatl . However longevity is the main point that I am highlighting which Apple has time and time again excelled at.
I want .....a caramel apple so bad rn
BBC News  Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Ned Scott is American as Apple Pie. Yet he has been defending BarryGsGhost who accuses American Resistance people of being Russian.
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Tic Tac Halloween Orange and Green Apple Bewitching Blend 1oz
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
APPLE CRUMBLE MUFFINS WITH FRESH WHIPPED CREAM
I mean there were beers but the Best Local Distillery had mixed drinks so I had apple pie moonshine  ginger ale which tasted like September
Getting smashed on apple sake and Pimms drinks. Hurricane drunk.
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
MktRRSS What to expect from Apple on September 12 OLED iPhone X iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus with LCD displays A
Another POS apple  Going to the store on iTunes took 21 seconds to load with just a blank screen and no spinner. I would not ship that. 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Why do I get apple updates on the Google. The best IT questions come from family
TFTCS Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together  
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Golden apple compound  1000 years  time age per second time age per day rate of aging
New post Countdown begins to launch of Apple iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has been published on All ... 
The only thing people will see with me is how to use stack overflow and swear at the MS Apple Googleoculus  Valve documentation.
KSI ADAMS APPLE DISS TRACK REACTION
DIY Apple Tree Magnet Fingerprint Art Kids Will Love preschoolercrafts
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Apple donates 5 million to hurricane relief makes it easier for customers to donate  CNNMoney
Apple
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
ringo means an apple  in japanese
Alexander the Great sent samples of dwarf apple trees to Aristotles Lyceum
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
1010 would recommend Apple Pie Oreos
Like and share if you think its fantastic hack screen iphone iphoneonly apple ios phone ... 
Thank you
Theyre intentionally conflated. Its the Chinese version of motherhood and apple pie
Added pepper and lemon juice to the apple slaw. Tastes a lot better. The vanilla yogurt made it too sweet.
My cinnamon apple
thanks bro ly
And then I realized that I didnt own an apple tv 
Look ACNNow17 getting some Apple  Make sure youre there for the AppleEvent on 912 10am PT
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
What to expect from Apple on September 12 OLED iPhone X iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus with LCD displays Apple Watch with LTE 4K Apple TV w 
Keep me as the apple of the eye Hide me in the shadow of Your wings Psalm 178 Bible
More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
ringo means an apple  in japanese
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Its a northern accent apparently when we pronounce a words like crack black accent ash apple  etc
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
ok but who the fuck thought it was a good idea to take the jonas brothers off apple music
hate speech....bro Mr eazi is a talent he even has a Bet nomination...which runtown has none.... Apple music up next.eazi
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
mashable More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process The epic leak of the Golden Master version of iOS 
Apple s Top New Phone to Be Called iPhone X Code Leaks Show
I do not download whole entire albums to my Apple Music unless every single song is fire
I liked a YouTube video
He that watcheth over destinies will keep us as the apple of His eye...
New post  Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Leak New Apple Phones Will Be Called iPhone X iPhone 8 And iPhone 8 Plus
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Smh rock me like a hurricane is trending Apple Music gotta chill 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree does it
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Mashable Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
i want a pair of beats again that actually fit my ears they go so much louder than apple headphones 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
I was laying down and then so looked up at an apple tv on my drawer that was streaming my mac
Live from Apple s iPhone 8 event
A delicious spreaddip is smoked trout mashed in olive oil tahini and apple cider vinegar. Dill and lemon juice add a little zing
Lex and I just put warm apple pie wax in our scentsys and im SO FREAKING PUMPED
How to watch Apple s September 12 event live
The kind of dealings  VZ permits They play the in store salesperson vs call in customer service and both hands wash their hands of the lie. 
Apple gave me a nice playlist for the week if anyone wants it
IM BOUT TO GET ME A APPLE PIE  BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM 
Have NEVER oened anything apple  never will.
Shots of crown apple got me like mmmmm whatever
all i wanna do is rewatch legends but my little sister lost the FUCKING apple tv remote so now i cant
I love apple picking wine and this guy Gouveia Vineyards
Whats the best Apple Store in that area to wait overnight
Five hours worth of colouring heaven. Apple Pencil Pigment 1.7.4 pigmentapp pigmentapp Apple 
were sorry to see this Gus So that we can follow this up for you can you please DM us with which store you bought this apple from
just got in the shower with my apple watch on probably only because i have anxiety about doing that on the daily
Then he said how much did he want to charge you and what was he charging me for so I was like 150 or 200 and its called Apple antihacking
Safe.
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. A jar of oats a day keep the fats at bay. An excellent AOE
Qual pulseira do Apple Watch
Apple needs to fix the Albums Folders in iPhone so that when you put pics in an album they arent duplicated in Camera Roll...
Bragg  Organic Apple Cider Vinegar Miracle Cleanse Concentrate  32 fl. oz.
How FORTRAN COBOL and PASCAL were in demand back than. Apple was a hobbyist thing and the internet didnt exist.
ever since i got apple music all the my songs have been fucked up one got deleted and some of the explicit signs disappeared on songs
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
 Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process via mashable
but if he turns out to be a rotten apple mines will team up and 
Im Really Mad Af All The Pictures I Had Of My Son Are Gone Like Seriously Apple Yall Aint Shit  Im Not Buying That New Iphone
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
iPhoneUpdate  How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Mini Vegan Apple Pies
I used to eat a whole orange at lunch everyday. Peel and all. Just like biting into an apple . Its way tastier than a banana peel.
Leibronwynxo Mason said wowa I want Anges brownies  apple pie peeeease my mommy will give you my monies Oh lora mason said it
Our Framingham 6th grade Girl Scout troop kicked off their year by picking apples and making apple crisp. 
Phones winner Apple . Computers winner windowsLinux
KSI ADAMS APPLE NETNOBODY DISS TRACK REACTION
Apple unveils new spaceship headquarters  CNN Video
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
please apple
RT TFTCS Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together  
My iPhone is slowly dying no surprise the Apple event is on in 2 days
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process mashable  The epic leak of the Golden Master version
Bad Apple  
vegan culture is getting asked if you can still drink apple juice
Doesnt matter. Hearing Apple tell THEIR story is why I will still be watching on Tuesday.
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Apple ...caramel...MOCHA Ggeeezzall my favourites All at Starbucks right
Apple watch canceled but I got 50 this weekend I guess thats something
If you havent tried the sour apple four loko dont theyre gross
mashable  More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
ha ha I went apple picking today 
Apple out to renew iPhone frenzy at age 10 as rivals pose greater threat
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
Solid. . Thats my baby Tell apple I love her
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
en Apple Bs.As
What to expect from Apple on Sept. 12 iPhone X 8 8 Plus LTE Apple Watch 4K HDR Apple TV
This old Fiona Apple excerpt goes well with the new BoJackHorseman . Coincidentally PFTompkins was mentioned in that same interview. 
Not at those prices 
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
my phone wont stop vibrating and i have zero notifications like srsly apple  i havent even had this phone for a month n its glitchy af.
RT TFTCS Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together  
Latest Leak Suggests Apple Will Announce iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X on Tuesday  MacRumors
Apple users Lust Money  Murder is featured on iBooks Breakout Books section Thrillers  click here
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
New post  Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Apple Watch Series 2  Apple HK
With Clikia you can stream TV on any Android or Apple Device anywhere in the world
RT TFTCS Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together  
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Bestsellers in Launchpad 6 1MORE Piston Classic InEar Headphones with Apple iOS and Android
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Silver Verizon Smartphone. Clean ESN
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
Fortune Apple Leak Confirms Cellular Connection for Next Apple Watch Fortune The feature has been heavily rumored
This is a key difference between an Apple event and a movie. But I do get why many Apple fans want the surprise. Its fun.
I want some Dutch Apple pie
Ive got both apple cidertea and a can of wine so Im ready to class this place up. SaWChip
Sour apple is better dont me
Apple can we get a curly head emoji
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Why my Apple Store not working
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Gold tmobile Smartphone Touch Disease
Jus now started usin the radio stations on apple music after a full year of using this app. I be late to EVERYTHING.
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Gold unlocked Smartphone
BBC News  Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Space Gray Smartphone Unlocked
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Space Gray verizon Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Gold sprint Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  128gb  Gold sprint Smartphone
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  128gb  Space Gray sprint
Changed out all the air fresheners to pumpkin vanilla and apple scents today basic
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
I just had homemade apple pie
pls tell me Apple Pay is a thing in Aus now
Gold Apple Iphone 6 Plus 64gb Gsm Unlocked verizon Four Cases Included
Sept. 12th is gonna be a jackpot because Chipotle is releasing their new mouthwatering queso while Apple releases the best iPhone yet
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  16gb  Silver verizon Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6 Plus  64gb  Gold sprint Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6plus For Repair Only Cracked Screen 12921
Is apple cider wine even good
Unlocked Apple Iphone 6s Plus  128gb  Space Gray Smartphone
Apple Iphone 6 Plus 64gb  Att gold
I remember old guys saying Ill give up smoking when cigarettes get to a buck a pack. Im guessing the marketing guys at Apple did too. 
Hurricane Irma hits Florida Apple s big event Galaxy Note 8 hits stores
My grandparents are buying me Apple watch for my birthday next month
The Apple Watch Series 2 has a Waterproof Mode which seems unusual since other watches are waterproof without...
A Purple Heart or an Apple
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
mashable  More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone 
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold via NYTimes
Pork  Apple Meatballs with Apple Chutney. Wichita Falls Texas
Pretty sure Apple Music is trying to download these songs all at once instead of one at a time so Im probably fucked.
My song Sweet Harmony is out now. Listen on Spotify Apple Music Deezer Amazon Google Play YouTube etc... Check it out 
got a new phone today and its the iphone 7 and somehow i missed that it doesnt have a headphone jack and now im sadfeel punkd by apple
Spotify Dumps Support For Apple s Safari Browser
Im so hopeing you didnt. Say apple sauce piggy
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
http ift.tt2eYcnhD Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process 
More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Select Apple Watch models currently unavailable from Apple ahead of Tuesdays refresh  9to5Mac
Apple iPhone 7 Black 256GB LTE Verizon Mint Ships Fast
From handsets to Hollywood Apple joins the dash for content
Im serious its stuck in my head and I need to know the Apple hates jailbreaking
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
bieberhole666 Apple Music is better
He wouldnt play with his toys only the apples from our apple 
Apple s New Premium Phone Will Be Called iPhone X
My raunchiest title is BLACK COCK LAWYER. Find out what a real black cock slut is really like. Kindle nook apple
Hes not saying theres an apple deal but there is a conference. There is nothing organic about crypto and there wont be for a long time.
 make a fall wreath  eat copious amounts of candy corn  collect pretty leaves  bake an apple pie or two  decorate for Halloween
apple  but good
timcook Please address the day to day Apple Leaks that have become normal in the news. Youre not running the White House over thereRU
More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
More Apple Leak Info Video shows how simple itll be to set up Face ID on the new iPhone
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Literally had a dream something passed me an apple juice
RT TFTCS Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together  
this is literally the reason I got apple music lol
also these are pretty good. just tastes like apple pie 
Voice recognition software is built into the Windows operating system. I think Apple has something similar. However Dragon is better.
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak iPhoneX iPhone8
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
Really sucks that Garth Brooks isnt on Spotify or Apple music.
Eddie Vedder Glen Hansard Fiona Apple Rockin in the Free World Ohana...
Apple doesnt fall far....
timcook will never purchase apple products ever again Useless product expensive for nothing and simply thieves
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Charging my iPhone plus with the small Apple charger takes like 4 hours
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple firmware Leaks links and locking it all down
Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
Apple iOS 11 leak offers detailed look at new iPhone Face ID setup process
Well this explains why theres so much more info before the Apple September event this year
A slice of apple pie with two crusts equals a quarter of a fruit serving. loophole woke
Lowkey cant wait for Apple s iPhone show tomorrow.
the apps to do list is getting down to the point where I really need to pony up the 99 bucks for an apple developer account.
TheRealHackSpot is there anyway to block Apple server on a jb deviceMy certificate keeps disappearing i costly got to keep jb
Super happy that my 2k MacBook Pro thats had issue since day 1 decided to crash 2 weeks out from the biggest event in my career. Apple
Apple Music got me downloading songs Ill never listen to but I need my moneys worth
So mad Im in work 
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Oh hell yes. It is an unopened container of APPLE JUICE. You thought you were all out. It is like fucking christmas up in here.
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Apple iPhone 7 128GB PRODUCT REDSpecial EditionUSA ModelWARRANTY BRAND NEW aebox titleNew origi ...
Dont worry Apple and George Clooney and all the echo chamber in HW will keep the funding going for the corrupt SPLC BLM ANTIFA.
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong
dude apple cider donuts cooked over a fire are actually the best
HQ 170625 at Apple event TodayatApple  Johnnys Zone JOHNNY  NCT NCT127 
Apple a Day 559 2017.    photography photooftheday blackandwhite pictorialism bnw 
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
How do you get to apple music trending
Golden Frog and
improvement and work are caused by very same thing that which keeps patience away apple iPhone8 iPhoneX iphone
I want an app for GAB getongab
No Im in babes 
Layers of apple  pineapple  peach glide atop bright acidity orange  caramel shine on nutty finish
EARLY BIRD SPECIALS 24 HOURS ONLY Trio Apple Box  10 pounds for 12.
Why Its a significant news story  of course they are going to report it. They dont exist just to serve Apple s interests.
Making apple crisp its my fave time of year
the apple live event is already stressing me out bc i know Im gunna want the new iPhone and I just bought mine
Game Dev News Apple s latest iPhone name leaks ahead of official
Eddie Vedder Fiona Apple and more shine on Saturday at Day 2 of Ohana Fest
I gotta get my juice back man... I gotta get some apple juice orange juice sum man
This is dumb. Its not even funny cause jay has his own albums on apple music. Bey has a mind of ha own you know
only thing thats important is apple cider i swear
this missy elliott radio on apple music is on point  AsUsual
Apple security updates  Apple Support
I liked a YouTube video
The apple event is in two days
Apple s work has value because its products work well and its tech is usually wellimplemented not because it surprises at keynotes.
I would buy 4 huge jugs of apple juice even if it wasnt an emergency tho tbh
Folder with a question mark blinking on the screen. Its a cable problem so Im gonna have to send it to the apple store 
LouisTomlinson Apple red or green
Apple iOS 11 leak reveals iPhones new Face ID setup process
I want to start document crappy Apple software. Here is Apple Maps. It sat like this with no loading indicator or anything for 30 sec. 
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
I just had a good car ride I bought a apple giftcard so I decided to have a world and I went on creative mode becuase I wanted to explore 
timcook I would like to cancel subscription but apple wont allow me
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple A11 Has 6 Cores 2 High Performance Cores and 4 Energy Efficient Cores. Read more
Apple s move into original TV programming will radically change the whole company
What Apple wants for Siri understanding DolphinAttack on tmodaily
Im thinking.. Apple now have a budget iPhone a budget iPad  but no budget MacBook Thats one good gap to fill.
IM APPLE YOURE ANROID
We went apple picking today. 
I want to emotional eat and all I have is an apple
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
IM APPLE MUSIC AND YOURE SPOTIFY
I liked a YouTube video
Not for apple
Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop  MD760LLA June 2013
Do it And the Salted Caramel Mocha And the Caramel Apple Spice And the Pumpkin scone  Caramelized apple loaf cake
r u sitting criss cross apple sauce
AntiFa sheeple  aspire to be something more than a barrista at a low rent nonstarbucks like a greeter at the apple store.
Wish i had someone to go to the Apple Orchard with 
Ive gotten that myself. Normally a reboot of the Apple TV fixes it.
Holy shit Apple cinnamon oatmeal banana  PB TAKES THE WIN
southern comfort and apple cider. youre welcome
Benzinga Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together
Hope you packed lightning earphones. Zack always has to pic on Apple for removing the jack when several other companies did it as well.
Anybody tryna share some fye Apple Music playlist 
Jobs At Apple Headquarters  Best Price 2017
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Shares The Best Apps of 2016 Prisma and Clash Royale Take Top Honours
Apple MacBook Pro A1278 13.3 Laptop  MC374LLA April 2010
NowPlaying on Apple Music. Hook  Let Me See It
apple the feds dont do it
MY LIFE IS SO FUCKED UP IM GONNA EAT AN APPLE IN THE MORNING AND START MY HW RIGHT WHEN I COME HOME AND EAT HEALTHY
apple juice is so good
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Thanks for replay Apple  AppleEvent AppleMusic AppleSupport ApplePodcasts NewiPhone 
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Ego Club Edit Willy William APPS Apple
Quinoa Spinach Salad w Butternut Squash  Apple
Man that is some red shoes reebok htfu gym sundayfunday goodtimes love underarmour apple
I think I could pretty much live on caramel apple suckers
this two factor authentication shit that apple has going on is sooo fucking annoying
Did you expect more from her The apple doesnt fall far from he tree now does it
KSI  ADAMS APPLE NET NOBODY DISS TRACK OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO REACTION TO 
ConspiracyMatt and I are fangirling over Apple iPhones and how superior they are over Android while we have dinner and drink margaritas
I have one wouldnt buy another. its ok and I dont use all the features. Never mind the specialist charge cable you only get from apple
Hell NO Apple is out of control
All My Pictures Are Gone Fuck You Apple
Facebook Nvidia 2 Apple iPhone Plays Among IBD 50 Stocks Near Buy Points
NowPlaying on Apple Music. Hook  Let Me See It
bone apple tea
Whoops Spotifys Web Player No Longer Works on Apple s Safari Browser  Gizmodo
Doesnt fix it read Fortune Magazine article. Dont upgrade Boycott iPhone until Apple does something to fix the battery situation
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Im wearing my cousin Mylies Apple Watch 
apple
Apple Big iPhone 8 Leaks Reveal Name Colors and Features. Read more
Apple Big iPhone 8 Leaks Reveal Name Colors and Features. Read more
So glad I reset my phone . Now I can start fresh with my Apple Music
Apple how many RTs to make this happen
Apple  Everything to expect from this weeks iPhone 8 event 
rip apple music 20172017
Why is slob on my knob trending on Apple Music
The day has come. Our Apple Harvest happened. This isnt a sample pic this is it. Our Apple 
I think I should sell my Apple Watch I havent charged it in a month and I dont wear it
Apple  Blackberry Baked Oats
We have never bought apple products.
This guy at the dog park is eating an apple and teasing my dog with it.
I liked a YouTube video
What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years  Bloomberg
The fournette Era Begins Breaking Records  More After the Jaguars Week 1 Win vs. Houston. Apple Podcasts Link
Final iOS 11 Version Revealing the iPhone X Leaked by Angry Apple Employee The final version of iOS 11 got leaked..
Sunday evening Baseball laundry walk  now hot apple cider in the gazebo with a little James Taylor. perfection 
 AAPL  Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying 
Duck Life  MoFunZone Inc has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and Games 
Apple Will Unveil New iPhones New Apple TV And New Apple Watch On Sept. 12 
Economic Snapshot 091217 iPhone X and Apple Watch with Its Own Cellular Connection
How Apple s iPhone X Will Get Face Recognition Right When The Note 8 Got It So Wrong  Forbes
Final iOS 11 Version Revealing the iPhone X Leaked by Angry Apple Employee
Last few hours to take advantage of this weekends Apple iPad sale
Wood iPhone  Apple Watch Stand for 6.99
Apple s latest iPhone name leaks ahead of official release
Ok guys Im going to have a heart attack because of the low battery indicator noise that AirPods make Apple hope you pay for my funeral
RBDs music is on Apple Music 
Ahead of the upcoming Apple event Shot on iPhone 7 Plus. shotoniphone Apple 
Pick up Apple s iPhone SE 32GB with prepaid service from 129 shipped
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it Apple suffers major iPhone X leak 
Things I need to do over the next 2 months  go to Salem  apple picking  get cider donuts  carve pumpkins  watch hocus pocus a lot
no lol
Did I miss gruber officially becoming an Apple pokesperson Wow really wow  ashamed worried huh
i literally hate every type of drink that isnt water or juice expect apple juice that shit gross so i stay drinking water mostly
bone apple the teeth
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
Whoops Spotifys Web Player No Longer Works on Apple s Safari Browser  Gizmodo
The apple didnt fall far from the tree.
The iPhone 8 event is Tim Cooks moment to make Apple his own Three years ago and just a few years after Apple 
Im more curious about the material itself. For example what Samsung and Otha manufacturers charge apple for components and what it costs
Our Apple e where I found out what programming was. Didnt learn to do it until QBASIC on our 386 tho.
NowPlaying WanteDWanteDMrs. GREEN APPLE
HUGE APPLE IPHONE IPOD CLASSIC SHUFFLE COLLECTION ASUS TABLET Lot
Bestsellers in Launchpad 6 1MORE Piston Classic InEar Headphones with Apple iOS and Android
iOS Leak The  iPhoneX  is Apple s New TopEnd Model
Dont tell me this his the cutest little bottle of apple cider. Its so tiny. 
Bestsellers in Launchpad 6 1MORE Piston Classic InEar Headphones with Apple iOS and Android
Bestsellers in Launchpad 6 1MORE Piston Classic InEar Headphones with Apple iOS and Android
How to watch Apple iPhone8 launch livestream on September 12
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
make an apple pipe n smoke a bowl
Select Apple Watch models currently unavailable from Apple ahead of Tuesdays refresh Chance Miller9 to 5 Mac
I would laugh if MrMet becomes Mr. Ray tomorrow. Also would a Tampa homer Rays the Apple 
I liked a YouTube video
OMG yes Oh I was  Nip in this week n ended up wasted good ol SHINE Apple pie....actually I needed it no harm done
iOS 11 leak reveals the LTEenabled Apple Watch
Yeah Apple watches are only slightly more expensive  do like 10 times the functions.
two in one room HN room... two in the apple room.... Kevin all by himself as usual BB19
Asked Travis if he could get me a pop and he come back with a pop mixed with crown apple . Cant complain
Recommended read on Medium   Apple s Bet On AR  The Future of UI Design
Fresh apple juice. Undefeated.
Whoops Spotifys Web Player No Longer Works on Apple s Safari Browser  Gizmodo
Gentrification can be awful. Red Apple at 23rd  Jackson which has catered to community and its tastes set to close 930.
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Help me out
Outlook For Apple s Main Event AR 3D And A Swankier Siri Tying It Tightly Together
Someone check the As bench for Apple watches blummer27 RealToddKalas JuliaMorales 
Heres What to Expect From Apple s Big Event Next Week
We appreciate your interest and encourage you to stay up to date on Apple news here
Wheres Sleeping Beautys witch with the apple when you need her
Apple Crown and Leah 
I LOVE THIS CITY. Big Apple Capital
sundayfunday appleorchards kidsfarm goat Apple Holler
From the heart of the Big Apple NYC PRAYING FOR FLORIDA. family and friends stay
Check out WITHit Apple Watch Silicone Replacement BRAND NEW  FREE SHIPPING
Need the new iPhone and Apple Watch
Do yall have apple juice  no  Yall Trippin
How much ridiculous price
While I watch Football... I bake apple pies from scratch. Week1 
apple laptop
Fiona Apple  Shadowboxer
PSA its apple season.
Fake apple pie is better than fake strawberry though
apple Apple iPhone 6s 16GB 64Gb 128GB Rose Gold Gray Silver Verizon Unlocked
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
cranberry apple welch juice be bussssssin
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I dont believe that. My 6S has been a piece of shit since day one no need to throttle.
I love all apple products I want to it
iPhone X Six core A11 Fusion chip wireless charging hints Apple Pay  Face ID details more  9to5Mac
Call twice in a row
When is Apple s September 2017 event 
Not robbing a grocery store but clothes... says it all. 1 bad Apple destroys the whole bushel.
What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years
i jus wanna go apple picking
sundayfunday appleorchard kenosha Apple Holler
Right... I dunno People would probably go bananas if they couldnt upgrade to the X on this program. Would be a bad move on Apple s part
A great capper to an apple themed day september applepicking appleyappleyappley Silvermans
someone tell me why i pay 10 bucks a month for apple music just for half the songs to not play.
Apple out here tryna take my money
Side note Apple please give us a manatee emoji in the next iOS I am begging you
Get 3 months FREE music from Apple
This leak contains essentially the entire feature set of the next iPhone. You seriously think Apple intentionally leaked that Please.
Apple
Oh its definitely a real thing. Lots of the Apple the blogger Old Guard have it in for 9to5. Some are more explicit than others.
Thats totally true Im just comparing hardware to hardware. I know Apple does a lot of questionable things along their manufacturing chain
Thats great wallpaper. She should feel honor. Eating an apple on her apple phone. Brilliant
How did Apple manage to include premium components like SSD in basic laptops Did they just have enough scale to bring price down
So you can sell that info to Apple  Lolz
Top story The iPhone 8 Event is Tim Cooks biggest moment as Apple CEO
I love all apple products
Apple pie Oreo . Not the worst thing SatisfactorySunday
Got a can of kayak Apple and peach today. The cheap shit good. Lol.
Apple  Avocado Ceasar Salad..with Catfish Nuggets
I liked a YouTube video
Caf Du Monde in Kyoto doesnt sell beignets but they have hot dogs and apple soda FakeNews StagesOfGrief CantEatMyFeelings 
Dont upgrade Boycott iPhone until Apple does something to fix the battery situation
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
RIP Could This Be the Last Apple iPhone Ever
I broke my lighter now I cant light my cinnamon  spiced apple candle and that makes me sad
The Apple event is in 2 days and I already know Im going to be very disappointed
Vintage Red Enamel APPLE Brooch 70s Juicy Apple Pin Hand
MacQuisition forensically images over 200 different Apple computers including MacBook Pro Touch Bar and iMac
The volume on the apple headphones just isnt enough for me wont be happy until I burst my ear drum
Our next new and delicious scent for Fall is Apple Pie Hopefully we will have a photo of
Bone apple tea 
Glad to see gas stations are finally taking Android and Apple Pay. They still wont take my chip.
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
My Apple jelly has been a favorite of Emilys this week homemade applejelly appleeverything
YOU ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE
I probably will get a LTE apple watch
Well theres a story about Apple s poor security leading to this for sure. But thats not what people seem to be moaning about.
Is Your Confession Offending God Rev Melody Seaton Apple Devices HD Best Quality
Apple Preview New iPhone Expected To Improve ARKit OLED Screen Good For VR ARKIT AR
can apple like. not do this rn lmao like ffs DROP THE V
Yeah it may be getting colder out but that just means apple cider and fireball at tailgates so not even that mad.
Enter to WIN our new  Apple Cinnamon Vanilla candle
Apple out to renew iPhone frenzy at age 10 as rivals pose greater threat
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
ScottBravoFan From the person making Apple turn over references 1825 called they want their insults back
When you chop your handwriting the consistence charge maintenance to the accident computer. Apple cyder acetum is so decided...
Apple firmware Leaks links and locking it all down  Its not just that HomePod and iOS 11 GM firmware leake...
R u sour
The blockbuster Apple leak that ruined good surprises was an inside job
Spotify is so bad tho. Apple Music is the way to go 
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
I just rented a movie on Apple TV that has a 44 rating bc yolo. Also Diane Lane. ParisCanWait
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak  Loop PNG  Loop PNG Apple suffers major iPhone X leak Loop PNG The Cali...
What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years  Bloomberg
Whole foods sells them fresh made daily... Also many apple picking orchards sell them
247 Memphis
Dont upgrade Boycott iPhone until Apple does something to fix the battery situation
Whoops Spotifys Web Player No Longer Works on Apple s Safari Browser  Gizmodo
Apple  Pear  Rosemary Juice
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Apple Cinnamon is definitely ahead of Strawberry
Like a babys hand holding an apple  casual conversation about a big dick happening behind me
apple music crashed in the middle of changkyuns rap in oi
Apple Mac Mini  3.0GHz DualCore Intel Core i7 8GB Memory 1TB Hard Drive
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Apple iPhone 5s Unlocked GSM 4G LTE DualCore Phone w 8 MP Camera 16GB32GB64GB 119.99 Was 649.99
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
APPLE IPHONE 5s 163264gb straight talk VERIZON towers gsm UNLOCKED free CASE 139.95
Soviet Apple Pie with a late harvest white found in the cellar 
Bitch Im the apple of your eye tf
Apple s Top New Phone to Be Called iPhone X Code Leaks Show 
When is Apple s September 2017 event 
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
Great publicity for your book through New Apple BOOK AWARDS for Independent Authors
Apple AppleSupport Hey Just a heads up. Your image search in messages has been broke for the last 2 iOS 11 updates. 
Chudleighs The Best Family Friendly Apple Farm in Ontario
I cant wait to go to the apple orchard
and bad apple season is like 10 months long its bs
May be you are right
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak  BBC News
Retweeted Apple  Apple  Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at...
i drew a weird apple bounsweet instead of cherubi im laughing so mcuh
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
grandpa came for a visit while I was apple picking today...found this today as is. ndubsy 
SomersbyCanada hey somersby. Your red rhubarb cider contains apple wine apple juice concentrate and lemon juice. Wheres the rhubarb 
FORGOT TO PUT APPLE CINNAMON ON THE LIST. PROBABLY AHEAD OF BERRY. MAYBE TIED WITH STRAWBERRY.
Super excited to hear about all the new dongles Apple will be releasing on Tuesday
Cant wait
Seems that Apple borrowed its share icon from the DC metro 
I dont understand why I gotta pay for Apple Music and I have a iPhone wtf
Apple iPhone 7 128GB 4.7 Retina Display 4G GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone SRF 
Apple in such a rut. Zero exciting about this company anymore
Apple juice so good when its freezing cold
USB Charger Cable 2.4A Zinc Alloy 90 Degree Apple Lightning iPhone Data Sync
PushAwardsMayWards My name is granny smith apple birds of paradise i have a very big lightyellow eyes Loving in Tandem Soon
Bestsellers in Launchpad 6 1MORE Piston Classic InEar Headphones with Apple iOS and Android Compatible Microphone Space Gray 
BreakingNews  Apple s A11 Fusion Chipset Will Apparently Sport 6 Cores 
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
You are right. MacBook Air was like the iPhone. Everyone was doing it but it took Apple to do it right and create huge demand.
And autumn is finally approachinggggggg. Missed Mercier Orchards apple cider. Huhuhuhu and not to mention the caramel coated apple .
Its all freemoney and chance to get Apple Google Ford Twitter TeslaMotors free Stocks using RobinhoodApp
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
If however it was a sanctioned leak maybe Apple has more to reveal on Sept 12. 
My mom made apple crisp today. Ill have some for breakfast tomorrow. Itll remind me of campawakening canoe trips.
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Apple wya doe
iTunes Apple iTunesApple Music Download Wrapped In Chains indierock Alternativerock solo Singer ...
Mhmm I want apple pie
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
Apple  a follower brand years behind.
my apple pie appreciation thread
Apple Just Showed The Event Industry What Disruption Looks great synopsis of the state of affairs michellebruno 
got my first apple cider of the season
Cinnamon Apple Crumb Cake
Pork with apple mustard sauce and mashed potatos. FoodPorn DeliciousMemories FancyTVDinner 
Apple will be the first company in history to be valued TrillionDollar appletrilliondollarvalue this year. Amazing
If u r bored Ann try shaving your Adams apple .
It looks like an Apple but it is the size of a pie pumpkin StrudelSeason
That is flagrant misuse of an Apple Stick 
ok sorry ill just go eat an organic vegan apple will that cure me
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
RT TechCrunch  Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Apple Pay is pretty cool.
The Apple iOS 11 GM leak is dangerous  someone is not trustworthy in the company. We dont know what else was leaked. security
Apple out to renew iPhone frenzy at age 10 as rivals pose greater threat
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
How do I answer my phone any button I press ends the call apple update 
Select Apple Watch models currently unavailable from Apple ahead of Tuesdays refresh 
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
They sell them at Roche Bros grocery stores fairs and apple orchards.
Is DL actually used in production outside Google Apple FBMSetc Where and for what
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
What a gig you have Jen  Envious beyond everything Apple 
update my moms making apple crisp and omgg it smells so good
Im on hold for apple support and they let you play Arianas music while waiting and bitch Im boppin Im not even mad abt being on hold
Apple
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Cinnamon apple airwicks plug in.. magical lmao
oh sweet i just did it and told someone else how to do it thanks Apple AppleSupport
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
maturebobby57 We lived in the Garden of Eden.Damn Eve made Adam eat that Apple Then we used Fossil Fuel and Paradise ended
Huawei has surpassed Apple and wants to overtake Samsung by 2021.
Caught sight of Kitsu and Ibo among our apple trees. 
That seems like something that might be combatted with stuff like screeners use tho Im not an Apple internal software distribution expert
Others are Chocolate Carrot cake Apple Pie crumble and strudal Trifle Banoffee Pie Scones Brownies Muffins Doughnuts.
share your apple music playlists with me please 
I liked a YouTube video
Still lovin this apple book made by hellowonderfulco You could still surprise a special
TechCrunch Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
http amzn.to2oT8Yme Premium Explosion Proof Tempered Glass Screen Protector Apple iPad Air  iPad Air 2  iPad Pro 9.7 Compatible Mod 
   Apple IPhone 7  128GB  Rose Gold ATT Smartphone    mint condition  ...
i bake to make my housemates love me  apple cinnamon muffins  strawberry lemonade cupcakes 
Light malt  body with lots of apple  br... Glutenberg American Pale Ale Pale Ale Amricaine
mcdonads stock 
Arabic society view. At a marketsquare an old man takes a waterpipe smoke. Clouds of apple smell hanging in the air. vss Tunesia Medina
From the High Octane Home Office in Toad Hop Indiana. Its your Facebook topic of the day. Do you prefer your Apple Cider Hot or Cold 
Why is lemonwatersugar called lemonade but apple watersugar called apple juice
Its on the apple page I cant explain it all its just so easy
IntheKitchenwithKate Concoction to soothe a cold archerfarms1 keurig apple cider  bigelowtea vanilla chai rum optional. 
I liked a YouTube video
i told pup to eat his fuckin apple and my dad told me to watch the language. HOE I THINK TF NOT
i spilled apple juice on my xbox... 
need someone to make me a roast dinner and an apple crumble with lots of custard while i lay in bed watching netflix pls xxx
Breakfast Porridge with blueberries strawberries and half an apple . Tried to be artsy with the
I just want apple pie
born too early to explore the stars born too late to uh plant apple trees and die in Indiana
Shot of apple cider vinegar a day can help with bloating and stuff Tastes great
Saturdays may be for the boys but Sundays are for girls who meal prep and watch apple TV in sweatpants together
I hope this is the day iOS 11 drops
A little apple with vines around it on ur wrist
Deal Save 63  Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Black Silve
It would be like an automotive engineer preaching to Apple or Microsoft about how they build their products because theyre an engineer.
APPLE s Trillion Dollar iPhone...
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Update they felt bad for calling the cops on the party last month and brought me apple pie 
Apple to launch new 1000 phone with facial recognition 
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Other than the Adams apple  I think her transformation went OK
Hacked my daughters phone again. Thats me eating an apple . 
True story. It was really weird. Although I am on Mac so it might be a hidden Mac feature
Apple firmware Leaks links and locking it all down
Get the Descendants apple in purple
You got the new iOS already Is it lit
Reasons why Apple ARKit and Google ARCore mobile AR failed No.8  just another daydream mARketing cooked up over ping pong to sell
I want that apple tho
Ive had that happen a few times tooannoying but a reset for all Apple TVs seems to fix it have a button on my Harmony remote to reset.
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Youll find shit with every brand. Apple does not have any respect for workers or where the material is coming from.
Apple Pandowdy  Farm Fresh Favourites BornOnTheFarm
Its like every time I get mad my Apple Watch literally tells me to breath..
fuck chenle got a apple phone AND an apple watch but chanyeol decides to have an adroid
Pretty easy naman to use it... except if di ka tech expert when it comes to apple id and some shit.
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
If apple would let you leave video message voicemails for FaceTime.. mamarach006 would get so many from me I swear. This bitch never answers
My laptop is turning to shit but it could have lasted me a while but decided to check out the 24 mo financing w Apple ...ya girl got approved
Refurbished Apple Iphone 6 S 16Gb Rose Gold Grade
Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
jakepaul Team10official Jake Your Trending on Apple Music  
Refurbished Apple Iphone 6 S 16Gb Rose Gold Grade
I was definitely ready to take my phone back to the Apple Store
 Apple A11 Has 6 Cores 2 High Performance Cores and 4 Energy Efficient Cores
Why tf would they take drowning off apple music.. im hurt
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Whats the easiest way to developdebug Stripe  Apple Pay Id rather not sign out of my real iCloud account on my only iPhone.
Fun Day at the Apple Orchards sundayfunday familytime adventure apples Oak Glen
Yay. On my birthday. Thanks apple for the best gift ever. Your launch of t 8
Dom Kennedy need to put The Yellow Album on Apple Music
apple
hot apple cider w cinnamon donuts please
Nothing is better than crown apple
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
Cocktail Recipe Apple Cider Mimosa
Apple is about to kill 32bit apps. Heres why its happening and how to find
I just sneezed and my Spotify turned off. Beat that Apple .
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
Thank God the US Coast Guard has improved its brand strength. Its like they are the Apple of the US military.
IsraelStrong Beautiful Israel The Center Of The Universe The Apple Of Gods Eye 
Apple may catch these hands I look different every day
Cant wait to get some apple cider donuts
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Retweeted Worldcore Apple Pay expands the list of financial institutions and adds new features
Dannielle Nickell has won a box of produce Yay And we have an APPLE SPECIAL 24 Hours Only Awesome Apple Deal...
hahahaha ily floss
Post Tuesdays Apple event I cant wait to spend crazy amounts on an iPhone X Im not sure I want. And then wait months for stock.
For Apple TV  The Price Is The Problem  Fast Company
Just like old iPhones start to mess up when a new one come out its the same thing w the apple charges except we dont get a new charger
Spotify  Apple Music
Wait Apple Pay isnt available on iPod touch and also the current iPod touch 6 doesnt have a NFC Chip so they would have to make a 7th gen
Yeah this is way beyond the scope of what Apple would want leaked. Weve seen everything for Tuesday but the marketing shots.
BBC News  Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
How Apple Finally Made Siri Sound More Human
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Green Apple Books
But how much did Beyonc pay Apple to make sure her name is always spelled w the accent. Like even in caps its will autocorrect BEYONC
What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years
My Everlane denim arrives the same day as the Apple keynote. The hype is unreal. 
Really digging the spooky apple on this cider by cidergeist  
When Yall Migos Gone Put Too Hotty On Apple Music. Because Im Tired Of Listening To It On YouTube
Consoling myself with apple crumble 
R.T.T.C. Rotten to the core With a little apple next to it
I liked a YouTube video
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Woke up craving apple juice
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
pale pink mauve gold seafoamgreen apple green  peach
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MC769LLA for 69.95 with 29d 23h via eBay
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
Eli Apple . Hes unreal
Well the big Apple is always different than any yknow But Aussie cities got Aussie things yknow Just different culture all around. He
Hate is a cancer Apple CEO addresses racism in staff email
Display Release on apple CAST
Someone last night lost their apple ear pods in my driveway. I hope they dont worry because my car found them
pewdiepie poopie pie apple pie cherry and hell even bean pie you racist fam. GG.
Trending FOX BUSINESS News Heres Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Apple Inc. 
AWSTech Leather Wraparound Apple Watch Band 38mm Brown NIB
So brownhunny just put me on to henny and Apple juice... I can fuck wit this. Kristina261 u definitely lost your friend. 
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Cant wait for apple s iPhone x
Top story What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years  Bloomberg
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features  Forbes
Actually seems to have been an Apple employee... thats even worse.
Crown Apple  ciroc   sangria . Fuck was I thinking
Apple Gone Wild . . .
The iPhone 8 event is Tim Cooks moment to make Apple his own
need a Apple Watch charger 
Phone X event at Steve Jobs Theater frames the future of Apple  Inc.
Contact apple support. You may have to do a factory reset FR. Back up your phone on your computer just in case FR deletes everything.
hissmas ran into that apple room to yell at josh  LET ME TALK BB19 
Have you ever wanted to walk in to an Apple store and yell Hey Siri just to see what happens apple jokes
Latest Leak Suggests Apple Will Announce iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X on Tuesday
i dont think its available for apple herb
win a onemonth supply of coffee and an apple watch
Ya sur Apple Music
apple Weed emoji
Since Ive switched to android Im starting to realize how much I dislike Apple now.
sean  MY BABY  MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE  I ADORE THIS MAN  I WANNA MEET HIM SO I CAN GIVE HIM A BIG HUG AND THANK HIM FOR EVERYTHING
iOS 11 GM Leak Reveals Details on Face ID Apple Pay Wireless Charging and A11 Chip in iPhone X
an apple pineapple apple pen
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
Deal Save 63  Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Black Silve
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB Black Verizon Unlocked w4 Cases Screen Protector
What about... Live blog All the news from Apple s big iPhone 8 event
I liked a YouTube video
Even if I thought this was worth being upset about which it isnt your anger is misplaced. Be mad at whoever within Apple leaked the thing
Apple again not joining an existing market but making their own a watch that can use cellular data
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Select Apple Watch models currently unavailable from Apple ahead of Tuesdays refresh
FollowRT you could win a years supply of Pink Lady apple juice with ColdpressJuices  Ends 2209 12pm TCs
GOOGLE AND APPLE IN LINE OF FIRE AS EU MOVES TO TAX REVENUES...
ijustine congrats at getting to the Apple Event. Try and meet Tim Cook. Be brave Make it happen x
I heard before that apple is not the best for an architect
Live blog All the news from Apple s big iPhone 8 event
do i wanna dirty my teeth for apple cider
This Is How Apple s Face ID Setup Process Looks Like via Ubergizmo  According to the rumors ...
Apple s A11 Fusion Chipset Will Apparently Sport 6 Cores via Ubergizmo  When Apple launched ...
iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus And iPhone X Names Confirmed via Ubergizmo  With Apple rumored to ...
We appreciate your interest and encourage you to stay up to date on Apple news here
Apple launch BoE sets policy Norway elections
Huawei has surpassed Apple and wants to overtake Samsung by 2021.
Took the kiddies to the Apple Orchard today. Nothing beats quality time with my little ones....then sending them back to their parents
The Moment We Apple Fans Been Waiting For KeyNote
Magandang Maineday morning Ms Apple n everyone enjoy tweeting ALDUBAkoKakapit
Spotify is way better than Apple Music pandora tidal and all the other music streaming apps.
Considering the security measures I hear about Apple this is totally insane
ill see you at apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
why arent iPhone chargers called Apple Juice
I just can not only wait every year my husband and I stand in line for the new iPhone
Apple s Trillion Dollar iPhone
I neeeeeed to take carter to apple Charlies next weekend since I worked today
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree . ya Jay and Bharti. Glen Owen  GO Performance
365 ADDICT  APPLE NEWS
apple
Because apple crisp is the best way to eat your feelings getinmybelly applecrisp 
The best deals ever Go to
Name a better name for anything than golden delicious apple  Ill wait...
i have a pen i have an apple
Apple Leak Confirms Cellular Connection for Next Apple Watch
Display Release on apple CAST
Who has Apple earphones theyre not using I want to check something quickly
Facebook Nvidia 2 Apple iPhone Plays Among IBD 50 Stocks Near Buy Points
Counterpoint fuck Apple s culture of secrecy. They got what they deserved. 
Please RT thermomix recipes Thermomix Apple and ginger paste
Someone went to the apple orchard with his mama Stole this pic
Apple Police... Apple Ninjas... Fruit ninjas Holy shit Halfbrick Studios predicted it all along.
. Apple Reaches Music Deal With WarnerMusic  Eyes SonyMusicGlobal Pact  Bloomberg
killing it
Beyond the iPhone How Apple is positioning itself for the next big thing
Apple Park Visitors Center Shown Off in New Images
Apple is about to kill 32bit apps. Heres why its happening and how to find out if youre affected
Retweeted Alexander Clipper  GClipp  Big Boi  Apple Of My Eye Explicit Luminux NowPlaying USA Viral ...
Yeah they stopped supporting my model years ago though I havent gotten any updates since puberty. I should never have used Apple ...
More revelations from Apple s GM leak show off Face ID wireless charging and more
Apple s New Premium Phone Will Be Called iPhone X
apron apple blossoms to apple s handmade
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Same. But with Crown Apple .
Apple s brand new 175acre corporate headquarters in Cupertino California . It has 2.8m square
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features
Ive got an entire handle of crown apple all to myself and Im cradling this like a baby
For the people without Apple Music I gotchu It just released on YouTube. Maybe give me a
a trip back home for some apple cider slushees  hacienda isnt too bad when you get to spend the day w ur bestfriend 
Apple Mac Final Cut Studio 3 HD MB642ZA New in Box
Kinda want a girl to take apple picking
This Is How Apple s Face ID Setup Process Looks Like via Ubergizmo  According to the rumors ...
iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus And iPhone X Names Confirmed via Ubergizmo  With Apple rumored to ...
Apple s A11 Fusion Chipset Will Apparently Sport 6 Cores via Ubergizmo  When Apple launched ...
New iPhones are not enough to keep Apple s stock going it needs a new category
A really small apple core rotten to the core
Apple is about to get rid of your app graveyard for good
BBC News  Apple suffers major iPhoneX leak
Apple iPhone8 and iPhoneX release tomorrow 12th September at 10am EST 6PM UK Time. Whos buying the new iPhone 
Apple s merely asked me to take down their ads I had on my YouTube channel. Cant imagine the shitshow this is.
Y my phone is being slow Is aople trying 2 tell me 2 get d iPhone 8 Or 2 abandon Apple completely
I got caramel apples pumpkin donuts and caramel apple suckers and I am now ready for this semester
IPhone 8 . Apple 
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak  BBC News
If you search Post Malone on Apple Music the recommended search is congratulations spelled incorrectly.. that sums up his fanbase
And in the smartphone environment its pretty much just Google and Apple . Control those and you control what kids see on them.
Checkout chargespot cool tech from here in Toronto my prediction is that they make big move with this advance from Apple
And now the names of Apple s new iPhones look to have leaked
An Artist Uses an iPhone to Visualize Sounds in AR Artist Zach Lieberman uses Apple s ARKit to make audio recordin
iPhone 8 MASSIVE Leaks New AirPods Apple Watch  MORE
Making Apple crisp and baked apples with instagramcmh and the kids . What a great day 
i cant believe a pair of apple ear buds can make my weekend go to shit LOL
Clan Stewart Farm has six prepared foods including Classic Chicken Soup Broccoli Quiche and Apple Pie Muffins.
Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
The iPhone 8 Event is Tim Cooks biggest moment as Apple CEO  Mashable
made a fall soup w pured acornbutternut squashfresh cayenne pepperssweetrussett potatoes w peppersonionscorn apple chicken sausage
Candy red apple car lmao my bad
Apple picking was sooooo fun today 
If you listen to it when it comes on Apple Music does it count for BBHOT100
Uno on apple game to addicting
Needs more adams apple .
Wouldnt want to be in the leakers shoes when they get busted by the Apple Police
Fair use doesnt apple on this case. It has no say to pulling content because they dont want to associate with that channel.
2. How does Apple know which Vehicle is yours on the parked car feature
Apple s upgrades downgrade our devices Our phones and tablets should come with an...
SearchCap  AdWords AMP landing pages Google  Apple tracking  SEO mistakes 
Why are you breathing so heavy whats wrong My stomach is full of apple juice
Sorry you dont speak apple .
Apple suffers major iPhone X leak
Apple doesnt publish that info. Anything out there would be pure speculation considering cost is materials RD transport marketing etc
Peace of Mind is now on Apple Music Spotify and other streaming services 
Apple is following The conquest of cool as a manual. ThomasFrank
It is i the most basic of bitches buying pumpkin spice cinnamon rolls  twinkies  caramel apple hostess cupcakes while drinking iced capp
New on Ebay for the United States Imac APPLE 27 MC813LLA IMAC DESKTOP I5 2.7GHZ 20GB 1TB HARD DRIVE 2011
So instead Im just shutting down and I think I might go eat some apple chips or ice cream.
Does the Apple Watch drain my phone battery What the hell is going on
Is this on Apple Music
Apple Cider Vinegar
Man I love having Apple Music
Sorry for the trouble Mick Do you get an error message Try a quick reboot of the Apple TVmodemrouter. Any change
httpswww. nytimes.com20170910tec hnologyappleiphoneprice.htmlrrefcollection2Fsectioncollection2FtechnologyactionclickcontentCollectiontechnologyregionstreammodulestreamunitversionlatestcontentPlacement2pgtypesectionfront  Apple are raising the prices of their smartphones but consumers continue to purchase in an upwards trend. ISYS1021
Goes for all phone makers too  Apple s greed is killing the planet and screwing you too
Sounds good. At this time old device is best option of jb users. Hopefully AppStore will support old Apple device.
Love when Apple bloggers have righteous indignation over the leaks that fuel their coverage
I wanna go apple picking so bad
Why is Rock you like a Hurricane  trending on Apple Music 
when u use Apple Pay on a vending machine at the library 
Re the Apple leak. Some people need to STFU with unfounded negativity and boring iPhone comments sigh unseen. Bring the wow Apple 
Apple forgot the paradox of choice. Too many iPhones. 3 years from now theyll lose 30 of their market.
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Ordering McDonaldsUK asking do you have any apple pies ready getting to last window to be told we have none left want anything else FML
It looks like the letter A for AppStore or Apple  Witch reminds me todays episode of Sesame Street is brought to you by the letter A
someone please take me apple picking
You should consider an apple product. 
Save 63  Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Black Silve
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus are successors to the current iPhone models
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Apple . Just stop already.
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
iWatering Apple to launch new 1000 phone with wireless charging facial recognition and HD edgetoedge screen 
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Apple  pumpkin pecan  whats your favorite fall pie flavor 
Okay Im leaving knight. Im in a candy apple car
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
The blockbuster Apple leak that ruined good surprises was an inside job
iPhone X to be Apple s new phone
Save 63  Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Black Silve
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
What idiot at Apple called it the furry fandom instead of the anthroposcene
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
 media usually salivate over leaks. proApple sheep disagree
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
Whoops Spotifys Web Player No Longer Works on Apple s Safari Browser
It better be good or Ima just continue being an Android lover
Because if anything pumpkin spice should at least work as a Cheerios flavor. Better than Apple Cinnamon anyway
I stand with Kap but some of this is silly. You chucking your perfectly good PC to buy an Apple  Refinancing mortgage if you have USAA
Apple  Brie Balsamic Caramelized Onions stuffed in a pork
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
newer 64bit architecture that is only available on iPhone 5S and up. The phone compatibility list on the Apple app  23
Apple plz fix this critical bug 
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
Save 63  Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked GSM iOS Smartphone Black Silve
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
Would not be surprised if Apple goes after MR for publishing private company info. Better lawyer up
Went apple picking and the girls loved the animals
takes a bite of the apple in my hand. wanna go back to sleep
APPLE PAY
Good for apple heads. If you have the desktop. iPad. MacBook. And Apple TV. If all of your technology isnt apple  the iPhone is pointless
What to Expect at Apple s Biggest Event in Years
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing Heres what you need to know to s
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold Apple will unveil a luxury iPhone on Tuesday that will
Beyond the iPhone How Apple is positioning itself for the next big thing
sierra will not remember wifi password  Official Apple Support Communities
Apple firmware Leaks links and locking it all down
Fall Apple Salad
SINCE WHEN ARE THE JONAS BROTHERS ON APPLE MUSIC THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE
The new IPhone 
I walked into Apple said it wasnt working and they didnt want to deal with it so they handed me a new one free.
I love Rick Ross Apple of my Eye
Even though every part of my life seems to be going downhill right now I bought myself a caramel apple and the weather feels like fall
I just updated to iOS 11 beta working pretty well except for a bug I found in Apple Maps.
Get the apple
Who else will be watching the Apple event
imo good apple flavored fall stuff is better than pumpkin
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
Im addicted to apples Im more excited about the new iWatch which supposedly will come with a SIM card Apple
No red alert is going to jump in Cupertino because Huawei sells more smartphones than Apple 
iPhone X  love that way Apple keeps breathing life back into an effectively obsolete number system
mbk finally did something right and put sugar free on apple music... thank the gay gods
I refused to buy the iPhone7 all that money for some bullshit. iPhones dont do half the shit the galaxies do. And apple products are only
Why is Apple equipment so expensive... The pain
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple leak confirms cellular connection for Apple Watch.
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
I love apple cider donuts 
No rush to get back to Daytona. Im enjoying fall here in NY. I need to go apple picking get my sew in tightened and a few other things
An Apple 2... I miss it....
If we had a real DOJ Apple  Microsoft Google Facebook and Amazon Twitter ALL would be facing penalties besides just antirusttaxes
...to your Apple Wallet or similar Apps. There is no need to print this. 22
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing 
If youre gonna stand out there taking pictures of my Apple tree for like 10 minutes at least go ahead and take an apple  my dudes
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma Apple  Myanmar Your Monday Briefing
Android Wear vs Apple Watch  Enfrentamiento de sistemas de smartwatches  AndroidPIT
Apple Series 2 Watch for iPhone  42mm Space Gray Aluminum Case with Black Sport Band
But does it stink like everything else Apple  makes
Select Apple Watch models currently unavailable from Apple ahead of Tuesdays refresh
apple bottom jeans
With a 1000 Price Tag Apple s iPhone Crosses a Threshold
Oh Mark Tuan username. My team members name is Mark Tuan. Hope u can show him interest. His name is Mark. Hope u can show him interest. 
Apple is a starting CB on an elite D... tunsil is a decent offensive linemen... I would take a starting CB everyday all day
jongin hyung i drank too much jongin i think im drunk hiccups exo jongin... thats appLE JUICE
bbh yo man im drunk wanna bang xiu this is apple juice u literally just taped a piece of paper with alcoholwritten on it on the bottle
Oh Mark Tuan username. My team members name is Mark Tuan. Hope u can show him interest. His name is Mark. Hope u can show him interest. 
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
Before we jump into apple pumpkin season we cant forget about plum season This famous plum
Oh Mark Tuan username. My team members name is Mark Tuan. Hope u can show him interest. His name is Mark. Hope u can show him interest. 
I bet you never thought you would ha e to explain that. Thanks a lot Siri
They believe a story in the bible where a talking snake tricks a woman into eating an apple  but on climate change they say its made up.
Dont pay 150 for Apple AirPods get one for only 17.99 70 off
Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at
For Apple Music lovers
Still think about this post all the time  The hidden structure of the Apple keynote
JYP what do you want to drink we have cocktails beer kji uh do you have apple juice JYP something wilder maybe kji ...orange juice
If youre upset with the idea of Apple pricing a new iPhone at 1000 and above you must LOATHE LOATHE LOATHE Radio Shack. 
HAVE YOU TRIED APPLE MILK TEAAAAA
i hope everyone is aware apple owns me and im gonna buy the iphone x
Everyones waiting for the iPhone 8 while Im trying to get a new screen from Apple .
I dont mind the battery life thing too much but it is kinda annoying that i have to charge my case phone headphones and speaker.
Bought Apple iphone 7
tell Apple to take their time but hurry up
Nice but Apple made you do this if you wanted your app to run on iOS 11 creepy 
I am watching hocus pocus and I have apple cider....biiiiiitch
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Personal experience needed one graphic changes in manual for a med device. Took 62 days. Fortune 100 company.
Someone explain to me why green apple isnt winning
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
We are 2buffoons wcredit ready to psycho dial Apple until we get what we want  if tequila fuels our efforts SO BE IT JeffreyOrlowsk1
New on Ebay for the United States Imac NEW 2017 Apple 27 iMac 5K Retina Intel i5 3.8GHz 8GB 2TB  MNED2LLA  S
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Sos someone send me a playlist from Apple Music thanks
Wow. Thanks. Yes all but the latest files. Apple
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones 
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Aint no way cherry better than green apple tho
These people are acting like apple butter is some new thing. Apple butter is not new... 
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Xiaomis latest laptop targets Apple s MacBook Pro
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Crown apple  sprite
Uh no. SPLC donation you really should research your charities more thoroughly.
The big winner from Apple s next iPhone could be Samsung
Arbys hey When will Apple crisp be back
Apple s TimCook on Environment  Education and HealthCare
I liked a YouTube video
The nonhighlighted sentence is the juicy one. Apple s Cook points out how medical devices have never been made with consumers in mind.
1pm EST. iPhone X 8 and 8 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3.
watching you guys hating on every apple update is getting really tiring honestly if you dont like it just get android nobody cares ughhhhh
Maybe install flux and see if that helps effectively night mode. Apple just took the feature from them. also recommend inverting colors
BreakingNews Update Details of Apple s new premium IPhone  the iPhone X revealed in leak HappeningNow
IF NINTENDO CAN STOP DOING RANDOM PROPRIETARY FUCKING NONSENSE AND USE USB C I HAVE FAITH APPLE CAN TOO
My ipad2 is a barely functional POS thanks to your software updates  and cust. svc. has been a joke so Ill pass. Regards a fedup vet
Can they target North Korea first Xiaomis latest laptop targets Apple s MacBook Pro
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Love yourself cherie. Get apple
Proud to Be Straight  Single by Luciano Illuminati on Apple Music
New post  Apple iPhone X to Apple Watch 3 expectations from Apple s Sept 12 event has been published on Al ... 
katennis97 us wearing blue shirts into Apple
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12
Its not on Apple tho....
mashabletech The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones 
Apple expected to reveal new iPhones tomorrow
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
yes some of the media has gotten lazy and goes for the low hanging fruit. actually i think youre the rotten apple they found in the dirt.
Im proud to announce I got a bid for Apple Pie Beta Fish A gogreek itscool
Getting pumped up for Apple s iPhone Event tomorrow
On the eve of the big iPhone event Apple approved version 2017.1.0 for the App Store. No need to choose between our app and iOS 11
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
if these aint apple are they still airpods 
... Apple pie
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones The big day is almost here. In less than 24 hour
Big day for Apple  Will customers take a bite at Apple with its 1k handset
Just posted a new recipe Peach Apple Crisp If it looks good to you retweet it vegetarian Food
Apple s Tim Cook on Environment Education and Health Care
What phone should I get Samsung or Apple 
Apple Newton had an ambient temperature sensor. Just sayin
rt mashabletech The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
the only two things that have made me happy today was apple juice and watch PKs story of jalen and jeremy arguing
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Im going to watch apple do what Tell my lame and out of date my 7plus is now
To this day it baffles me why Maria Im Drunk is unavailable on Apple Music
DISS TRACK Adams apple Official Music Video
Why Augmented Reality Is About Take Over Your World Read more
Luenell went 2 TheAbbey 2 turn up in Weho ..I can only handle 1 Apple Martini..No1 wants a light weight drinker at their table. FunTimes
Fair to isolate this but he was the worst defender on field  I believe dak had a 130 passer rating against Apple with avg talent at best
Apple iPhone X to Have Extreme Supply Constraints as Production Will Be Limited to Just 10... Read more
Apple iPhone X to Have Extreme Supply Constraints as Production Will Be Limited to Just 10... Read more
This is Apple Music We Dont Fcks Witchu
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Why Tuesday Is Apple s Most Important Day in Three Years
jacksfilms leak concept of the Dongle Apple s newest innovation 
Apple Wallpapers Design Apple Mac Desktop Wallpapers HD With
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
There is no best company in the world I love Google Apple  Microsoft Twitter Facebook Sony Nvidia ... The list is too long
New post The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Incredible hack screen iphone iphoneonly apple ios phone smartphone mobile 
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Its been so long since Ive had an apple that idk what its supposed to taste like. Pretty sure what I ate was not meant to be eaten
Would You Pay 1000 for an iPhone Apple Is Betting on It
Apple and Amazon Join the Brawl for Theatrical Rights to Next James Bond Film
SMARTPHONES DISPONIBLES   Apple  Apple  Apple  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB RED
Ich mag das YouTube Video
Ive also decided I really want an apple watch
The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
Apple want us to drop a band for a new iphone That shit better be the pinnacle of technology when it releases. Like cure cancer type shit.
Dont pay 150 for Apple AirPods get one for only 17.99 70 off
Smells of desperation stodgy A huge leak about Apple s iPhone X comes days before its big debut
Please refer to the following article to reset your Apple ID DM us if still unsuccessful
Hey Apple how come it cost 120 a year to use your music app on Android A little much dont you think
This is terrible but I am not surprised at all and sadly I expect this type of behavior. This is classic apple pie white supremacy.
What did they do change the color of the Apple 
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
First launch day with Apple tomorrow
Try
Apple s Next iPhone Will Probably Cost 1000 i am still rockin i phone5 s so will be awhile before I get there...
Whats that line about the tree and the apple
Almost everything Apple is set to announce Tuesday including iPhone X was leaked this weekend
Which iphone are you planning on getting this time around apple appleevent iPhoneXEdition iPhone8Plus
Apple e Sony
Best Buy Online just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
so youre telling me youre taking this over Cinnamon Toast Crunch Honey Comb Frosted Flakes Apple Jacks and Cap Crunch
I do not want to need a new phone. droppedcalls insufficientcoverage noservice phonegettinghot monthsofissues att apple
Just made a build for the exact same price as a new apple macbook but 10x better
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Jet Black Unlocked Smartphone MN5F2LLA
Artie never fart in a apple store  because they dont have Windows
Tell me about it people who prefer pumpkin over apple .... its just like
So stoked for Apple s iPhone 8 unveil tomorrow Apple lets see those new LTE watches and 4k Apple TVs baby. RIP my wallet.
Apple leaked iPhoneX
Full video
Awe...Thank You Im so not an apple person but my kids are...they are teasing me wBC stickers
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
I just want truck loads of apple cider
Heres what Wall Street expects out of the Apple iPhone event
I wonder if I can fit a whole apple in my mouth...asking for a friend ok KQ ok
Granny Smith FTW As a kid I ate Waaaaaaay too many red apples while picking. Now any nonGS apple makes me want to barf truckloads.
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12 video  CNET There is...
I love Aaron so much like thats my fuckin cinnamon apple idc
apple better announce an iphone 7s tomorrow too. 
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones via mashable
how do you know what we can expect from Apple 
I liked a YouTube video
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
New post The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
How many RTs for the olive iPhone 8 Apple
Well apple will be the first to charge a ridiculous 1000 for a phone
Im on the Apple Upgrade Programme. I checked my status on the Apple Store app. Says I can upgrade from 20092017.
Just maintaining design history file for a device wd ensure product release at least 5 yrs apart. Apple wont do that.
ATT workers to protest outsourced jobs at Apple s iPhone 8 launch event
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Heres everything to expect from Apple s iPhone event on Tuesday
Unity CEO John Riccitiello on Apple s big event privacy and the AR apps well see within the year
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
TOMORROW Sept 12th Apple s highly anticipated fall event is happening Find out how to watch here
ATT workers to protest outsourced jobs at Apple s iPhone 8 launch event
and the whole him signing a whole deal with apple but claiming that hes independent. And these fake donations
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Tomorrow is the Apple keynote and Im really interested in how this is gonna go
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Ill be here to fight all the Apple fans on my TL tomorrow
Got them free with my new laptop from Apple and can provide proof of purchase etc. Hit me up
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
To much apple pies
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Apple s iPhone 8 event will be Tim Cooks signature moment  Tim Cook is ready for his moment . figcaption...
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Retweeted Apple  Apple  Join us September 12 at 10am PT to watch the AppleEvent live at...
Bleacher Creatures should sit in the big Apple reserve and do a roll call. Show the 7 line how its done
Bad Apple  
Eli Apple would be awesome Thanks so much guys
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
My phone started tripping right before the iPhone conference. Apple on that shit
i want an apple watch
Great way to celebrate fall. Preschoolers made apple tarts today. They look yummy Ms. Becky and Ms. Bonnie.
Tomorrow is the day Apple iPhoneX
Why mess with a classic This Rustic OldFashioned Apple Pie is simple and timeless Get the recipe  
Is it rude for the passenger next to you to eat an apple and
Can Apple s iPhone X Break Its Losing Streak
If you dont have an album of low quality Photo Booth pics in your Mac are you even an Apple user
Apple Watch leak hints at LTE connectivity and new colors  Apple CEO Tim Cook wearing an Apple Watch at a 2014...
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Just a little treat white chocolate  peanut butter chips Mickey apple 
Pretty much sat at my desk from 11am til 5pm today...My Apple Watch kept telling me to get up and move...but dude...Mondays are BUSY
A look at Apple s new spaceship campus where the tech giant is expected to launch the new iPhone tomorrow.
ijustine The AppleEvent Apple is on at 10am but convert that to Australian time thats 3AM WHYYYYYY
off screen and on their 25th wedding anniversary stiles is baking lydia homemade apple pie with extra cinnamon just the way she likes it.
Apple pie whiskey Pat OHara Brewing Company
Passed my exam with flying colors. I now do Tech Support for Apple 
Apple Watch Nice Tool But Slow Out Of The Gates
Apple iPhone X will be in severe short supply KGI says
You really needa put more music on Apple Music
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12 video  CNET
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Mrs. GREEN APPLE  WanteD WanteD
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Its on Apple Music
I am burning a pumpkin apple candle and am SO ready for this time of year
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12 video  CNET
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
KindaFunnyKevin hey man just checking where kinda funny games daily is for today. Not on apple podcast services
dezeen Are you ready for Apple s next iPhone
Deliberate leak in my eyes. Making every outlet world wide talk about Apple . clevermarketing
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones 
hell nah bruh keep sending me events. where can i see this air
Dear Apple 
Clikia is now available on Apple Devices Download us on iTunes now and STREAMEVERYWHERE Check this out 
Im trying to be shown off the way he shows off his apple juice
51writers It smelled like fresh apple pie in the kitchen she had finished baking before her husband came home from work.
EnterToWin a Honey Trio  Buzz Bloom Honey Rsle Apple Corer  Honey Spoon koshereye .com
Apple is gonna give us all what we really want and make it a flip phone. With an antenna. And T9 texting. YIAYiphone
Heres an apple and theres an orange
Fuck xcode fuck iOS fuck iTunes fuck iPad Pro fuck MacBook Pro 2017 with touchbar. fuck Apple .
Everyone stfu about the election Theres an Apple event that we know everything about tomorrow
I made some bomb ass apple pie
I just bought these pumpkin and Apple candles last week and there already almost burnt out
Im not saying wireless is awful its definitely more convinient for people who move alot while listening to music i just prefer wired.
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Apple adds a mailin option to its iPhone Upgrade Program
just got apple music and im so... amazed
Im actually wondering if the LTE apple watch will make an appearance or not. Battery life has always been the bane of cellular smartwatches
Surprise there. Apple knows how to execution integration and bring simplified user experience than google. Again.
Whats the point in having a boyfriend if he wont go to any pumpkin farms apple orchards with you
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
If the iPhoneX is 1K then Apple can keep it
Apple iPad Pro  32GB  WiFi  Cellular Sprint  Rose Gold  9.7in
People are already lining up for Apple s 1000 iPhone X before tomorrows event
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
No Batteries suck Offer FREE battery replacement for life  then maybe. Apple
I really want some apple cider donuts.
heres a late afternoon scoop ATT workers will be protesting in front of Apple event tomorrow morning
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12 Video
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Apple should make pull to refresh part of the building and I cant think with all the noise
Disgruntled Employee Ruins Apple Launch Party 
Henny or crown apple
Stream Everything I featuring Loren Johnson By DaVinci703 on Apple Music
Nigga just sold the Apple watch You know I went straight to Starbucks and balled out Got me a fancy water for 10
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
httpwww. bulkforsale.net The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Hahaha yes that would work too.. Its going to be like outlook calendar appts everything goes off and starts ringing around me
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Get the most out of your device with our amazing range of great value products apple iphonesia 
designs that applies to both google and apple
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus A1661 128GB Silver Sprint BAD ESN
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now AAPL
Cause we do it big in the Big Apple
Apple adds a mailin option to its iPhone Upgrade Program
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Celebrate autumn with the IndianaDunesNPS Apple Festival at the historic Chellberg Farm on Saturday September 16
I have AirPods and they have never once died on me. Instant connection with the W1 chip and 24 hour battery life with the case.
Our friends find us on Goodreads THE BACKUP ASSET rt rtravel fridayfeeling success apple fiction miami
Apple iPhone 8 leak may have revealed key details of the hotlyanticipated device 
How to watch Apple s September 12 event live
I was actually thinking of hot dog or pizza lmaooo but apple pie fits too
NowPlaying Nikki E  Tip Her out feat. Shawnna on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Check out M0001303 Marc By Marc Jacobs Sleeve For Apple iPad Tablet Red Zip Nylon NEW
UKBBC iPhone X 10 key moments leading up to the new handset . More Apple iPhone news 
I look for sound quality over anything else in headphones and find that all my wireless ones are either more quiet or have lower quality.
Im eating organic brownies and yall out here eating Apple Pie Oreos.
66 is still my favorite. 88 90 were really good too. Really helps me justify the Apple Music subscription
10 iPhone 8 features that have Apple imitating more than innovating
Im just about to order a charger cas from Apple cause this case not gone last
did a presentation today in botany i connected my laptop to the apple TV and the background music to my cool math game started playing
Isnt it ironic that I hate apples but enjoy apple tech products
 Apple customer care is undefeated  feeling appreciated
I get way too hyped for Apple events
http bit.ly2w2UIwI What glorious news does apple have in store for us... iphone AppleEvent iPhoneX iPhone8
Almond milk 15 raw almonds 1 apple  blueberry few strawberry protein powder.
No debt Imagine we woke up tomorrow When corporations paid their current taxes wo hiding income overseas Apple Microsoft Exxon Intel
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Yep. An Apple subsidiary. Thats one of the factors that made them so popular to begin with. Apple endorsed them.
Lumsing Nylon Braided Lightning to USB Cable 3.3 feet1M Apple MFI Certified Sync data Charging..
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones 
I liked a YouTube video
Qualcomm touts Android firsts as it hilariously tries to steal Apple s iPhone X thunder
Its great when theres a new iPhone  it gives Apple fans a chance to catch up to everyone else.
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
today i picked both an apple and my acne and i can confirm that picking the apple was an all around better experience than picking the acne
Apparently Telegram on Apple devices is censored now A few friends of mine cant use it. Wow Im glad I jumped ship a year ago
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Lol that aint fancy. Ive been on it since like 2013. Once you sign up itll just follow your apple account.
The people who have been staying with us this week just bought my Mom an Apple Watch. My friends cant even return the stuff I already own.
Lol first Im on the Air Force page now Apple hitting me up ITS BEEN A LIT WEEK
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Apple Its going down 
I love my Apple but at times like these I still wish I had that Android battery life
MusicMonday stream Tell Her What feat. Foreign Culcha  Single Toy Boy Smitty Pop Listen On Apple Music
Siri remind me to watch the Apple event tomorrow morning done and done.
This case for Apple s new MacBook laptops will give you all the ports Apple took away
Check out this post in the Apple vibe Xiaomi takes aim at Apple with a Macbook Pro rival priced from 858
Unity CEO John Riccitiello on Apple s big event privacy and the AR apps well see
 iPhone X Mirror EDITION could start shipping in 2018  AppleEvent Leaks Apple iPhoneX iPhone8 AppleWatchSeries3 AppleWatch3 NEW 
Wanna make an apple crisp but whos gon eat the other half...
My iPhone is having a hard time charging today. An Apple announcement regarding the newest iPhone model must be happening soon.
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 51 A1207 20 Core 2 Duo 2.16GHz 2GB 500GBHD wSuperDrive
Aah that time of year to dream about new Apple products that youre not gonna get immediately is upon us again.
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 12 video  CNET
Hey Apple look at this. My aunts iPhone just cracked batteryproblem what should I do MacMagazine 
Its like Apple Music wants me to be. In a sad mood.
When is apple going to lower the price lol Nobodys going to pay 1000
Apple should take you to the AppleEvent with all expenses paid. You deserve it EveryApplePro
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
Apple Adds MailIn Option to iPhone TradeIn Program Ahead of...
Given how underwhelming Apple a latest round of MacBook Pros are this xiaomi competitor doesnt look so bad...
Im not sure whats a bigger drag on productivity for tech startups... A two hour Apple event or when Github goes down.
New video will be out tomorrow Tomorrow is a big day for Apple  lets hope they dont disappoint us
Apple MacBook Pro MF839LLA 13.3Inch Laptop with Retina Display 128 GB NEWEST
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s iconic one more thing is dead and the companys better for it
No Apple products when Girardi is around.
Lifesum The Lifesum App on my Apple Watch only says I should sign in on my phone. Have tried reinstalling on Watch. Suggestions
iPhone leak Apple launches hunt for iMole ahead of launch
Understanding Apple In A Dysfunctional Media Sphere
I have a piece that I drafted on Friday of some predictions and hopes for tomorrows Apple event but it looks like thats gonna stay a draft
Right Cuz im like we bout to get smart together
I need a bottle of crown apple
You could do reg coke. If this is anywhere as sweet as the crown apple the Vanilla Coke will be too much.
I guess as a lifelong Droid user ok as far as smartphones go... who cares Apple needs to move forward or be left behind. Thats business
The Apple keynote is tomorrow. Think I can sneak in down the street
Apple iPad Pro 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray via eBay
Apple iPad 2 32gb 9inch Black via eBay
NEW Sealed 2017 Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Space Gray via eBay
Tomorrow Apple will display their new phone with facial recognition and Chipotle will launch their queso. What a day
Apple email phishing scam claims your ID has been frozen along with all additional services due to missing personal information 
Apple email phishing scam claims your ID has been frozen along with all additional services due to missing personal information 
Second straight TimHortonsUS location without hot apple cider ItsSeptemberPeople StopWithThePumpkinCrap
Apple iPad Pro  32GB  WiFi  Cellular Sprint  Rose Gold  9.7in via eBay
I need the reminder haha
The Istore LAX istore apple globetrotter globetrotting oui merci
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 9.7in  Black via eBay
I liked a YouTube video
ALL HAIL THE APPLE TECH GODS OF SUPREME POLITENESS I spoke with 2 very nice reps from Apple today they saved my iTunes Library. Thanks
Is it Apple s fault that you forgot your login details
Limes studying esthaetics Apple teahot coco Cookies Relaxing video game OSTs Cute notebooks Laptop Aaaaaaand all set
Apple Events  Keynote September 2017  Apple
New iPhone New Apple Watch What to Expect at Apple Event
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
super stoked for Apple event tomorrow 
RT TopFiveTraders RT WSJTech  Apple is about to unveil its latest iPhones. Heres everything you need to know
Apple Announcement tomorrow at 100
The new iPhone  1000. Holding on to your current phone until Apple comes back to reality  priceless
Apple event could have a Nintendo app. They did last year for Mario run
Honeycrisp was just the beginning inside the quest to create the perfect apple
Night Shift mode Apple has it on their phones  computers.
Im just ready for this apple announcement tomorrow
apple applewatch iphone iphone7 New Lovely 3.5mm Very High Quality Earphone Almost Gone 
Well AirPods last 5 hours on a single charge and are relatively affordable compared to the rest of the market Not too sure about sound tho
Apple 12th of September...Christmas will be coming early
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree hypocriteSharpton
Another gig wont hurt.. Apple doesnt think the iPhone X needs any more RAM and its probably right
iPad news No surprises left for Apple to reveal Tuesday It wont matter in time
News Hub  Live Blog 9to5Mac at Steve Jobs Theater for the iPhone X LTE Apple Watch and
ugh i hate apple s chargers with a passion
I didnt know they were Apple
That would be a very encouraging move that would make me feel better about Apple
Lesssssssss goooo
The best thing Skittles ever did was change the lime flavor to green apple .  if you disagree then I will gladly fight you
Lol it truly has become who is the least evil. Like looking for one GOOD apple ......
nobody understands how frustrated I am right now that my phone just wontt turn on may have twisted my ankle and apple will do nothing
In fact in computer class I wrote a program in Basic on an Apple 2c to animate the school suicide scene in it. Im old.
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
There was a family of deer in my backyard tonight and I gave them an apple . They loved it
Its true
We dont even know if this is really it . Yall getting excited and apple wont announce the new iphone until tomorrow . Yall dumb .
Yeah gonna stick with the ol apple I think.
Shamar is my real name
Could it be argued that apple  google are operating public markets not unlike stock exchanges Making them subject to regulation
I drink apple juice just to pretend like Im drinking beer Im a rebel
burned 717 calories doing 95 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus A1661 128GB Silver Sprint BAD ESN
Mini apple turnovers ... Im hungry now...
EatAndys will be happy when the apple pie is back
forbes headlines What Will Apple Announce At Its September 12 Event My Predictions For
. Apple any chance ye have a spare MacBook Pro lying around Also tell Tim Cook I said well.
iPhone 8 8Plus and iPhone X... apple some greedy ass people for money lol
The fanboy excitement for Apple s keynote tomorrow is real. 3 new iPhones new Airpods new Apple Watch Homepod and so much more.
Honestly the only thing I hate about samsung devices over apple is the auto correct
Smh.. the big question is how the hell she keep figuring out my passwords she must know somebody that work for apple or something
The 8 biggest questions we still have about Apple s new iPhones
RT VRScout This Apple ARKit demo puts a portal right in front of you AR via nedd 
New Apple AirPods Coming At iPhone X Event
Boom. 1st time seeing her. ANNIE APPLE FSCE PLANTS
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Launch On 12th September
For a Tradein Apple will send a Tradein Kit with a prepaid shipping label to allow customers to send their current device back to Apple
Bits News No. 43 News Noticias xiaomi Xiaomi MiNotebookAir MacbookAir Apple Intel 
Ive been on the phone with apple for damn there an hour and they still aint help me with shit
i wanna save up enough to get a MacBook and an Apple Watch . Like in the same day .  then have enough left over for food. that is all.
Apple Music thanks girl Ive been writing so much since you came to my mind with your humbling words... 
The Apple Watch is what people are second most excited about behind the iPhone X
Hi Amazon Google Apple we might tax you on revenue rather than profit  love Europe. Ehh  VAT
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6S Verizon 375
Cant wait for the best iPhone yet.
I want an Apple Pencil that works on iPhone
apple just knows
Nah I like to stick to apple  they give me 12 months guarantee i turn up there after 11 month act as if its broken and grab a new one
Just Fill It.... Apple Butter Time Chilhowie United Methodist Church
That Eli Apple is looking nice
Or not HAHAHA apple cider vinegar ah
PETITION Google  Apple  stop tragic deaths and injury on roads from mobilecell phones via icycleivote
OpenBox Certified Apple  Macbook  12 Display  Intel Core M3  8GB Memo...
Please RT iphone ipad mac GameStop and Marriott International Announce Apple Pay Partnerships
Please vote for this apple orchard
Qualcomm touts Android firsts as it hilariously tries to steal Apple s iPhone X thunder
casually mutes Everyone on my tl kdjdjdkdd if i had known  apple you dicks i wouldve started the route last night xjxkxkdjfd
She is holding an apple too just like she did in her Snow White UR
im using my data to stream the definition can jon have the album fully on apple music im annoyed
Apple AirPort Extreme is working 100 with full WiFi signal of 42824.6 kBs in every corner  outside.
Just saw this on Amazon Girls Red Raglan 34 Sleeve Fox Woodland Cr... by Olive Loves Apple for 17.99
The name itself attached to the brand. The brand coincidentally is Apple . Also notorious for overpricing electronics w basic components
Apple always seems to surprise us with the names
apple finally respected my birthday by not overshadowing it with an iPhone announcement 
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today Apple Inc will unveil new iPhones today at its Apple Park
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Are you ready for Apple s next iPhone
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today
Did something change on Apple itc  Cant access salestrends....
Idc what anyone says Thamesville is the place to be in the fall. Corn maze apple orchard pumpkins everywhere. Love my little town
Great perspective My parents got me Apple II w48K memory for about 3K. With really great software on 5 14 disks. Eamon anyone
I just want an Apple Mac
Its a money making trend for apple . Theyre greedy effers cause they know they can do it
The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
Apple Event tomorrow...
Vitaliy Katsenelsons Contrarian Edge Apple s iPhone8 wont move the stock the... 
iPhone X Facing Severe Short Supply For A While
Vitaliy Katsenelsons Contrarian Edge Apple s iPhone8 wont move the stock the... 
Everything we expect from Apple s big iPhone event
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 128GB Rose Gold on 4GEE Max 25GB 24 Months contract...
Bruh Apple no help so far has solved this error 9006 of mine
Kelly pou 1000 apple better mete li
Afraid youre going to lose one of your Apple AirPods on a flight or run I check out PodStraps from BudStraps 
10 iPhone 8 features that have Apple imitating more than innovating
Christmas Tree Decoration  Red Glitter  Book Art Red Apple Paper Fruit 
Shes a fan of the apple pie but I like my fruits moonshine dailydrinker 
10 iPhone 8 features that have Apple imitating more than innovating
iMac Pro better get a release date and price at Apple s iPhone 8 event
Didnt people learn their lesson after iOS 7 Never do anything custom. Apple demands it.
I have apple pie oreos
Identify and test fonts on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street is loving it.
apple Users Tomorrow Is Announcement Time
The only activities I want to do this fall my birthday are wineries breweries apple picking fairs football games and eat
Good to know We are picking Macs the apple kind brantviewapples right now Join for StGeoAppleFest this weekend
Ummm havent Apple done this for years
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark Skins for APPLE products 5 set.
Well Im pissed Apple is apparently doing this promotion giving away free beats. Right after I just spend 2500 on my MacBook Pro
I heard a 100 dollar drop. so if its true it will be the same price as the iphone 6.
Perhaps the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple dropping the new iOS 11 wallpapers in time for the postal survey... 
Thunder and lighting near the new Apple campus. Is it a sign ApplePark
My cinnamon apple
We support MarriageEquality  Apple chief executive Tim Cook
i want a caramel apple SO BAD
Instead focus on the iPhone your voice is recorded and stored at Apple s data center.
saw the guy that stole my apple earbuds and 5 earlier today but he was wearing a sugar pine 7 tshirt idk how i feel about him now
Since Yall Kno Everything  Who Tf Took A Bite Of My Apple On My iPhone
Apple adds new mailin option to iPhone Upgrade program ahead of iPhone 8iPhone X release
Im gonna apply to work with Apple tonight. Ive always wanted to work there.
easy you grab a bottle of your preferred drink and drink when the sun has been risen
I want iOS 11 for my iPad Pro already Apple
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB  Matte Black Unlocked Mint Condition win 
APPLE IN 2017 LUL
If the phone is as expensive as rumored youll probably see a lot of people head towards Androids.
Flaky pastries with cream in the middle and apple .
Click the apple in the top left and go to force quit. See if the app says not responding. If the files are big you might just have to wait
On iPhones 10th Anniversary Apple Has A Go At A Big Redesign
pcevolution.us Xiaomi takes aim at Apple with the Mi Notebook Pro Xiaomi locked horns with
I spilled my apple juice  smh niggas aint shit
An author that I will be following. GLIMPSE OF DEATH rtravel fridayfeeling success Amazon apple fiction
New crop domestic Gala apples are back This crunchy apple is a great addition to a school or work lunchbox MarketMonday Organic 
Adam Eve apple trees Watch out for the snakes baby
Did you pick apples this weekend These creamy delicious apple pie parfaits are a simple dessert to try
Some Apple related sketches are coming this week. Ill try to get em out as fast as possible. Probably Tuesday night or Wednesday morning.
Its like the epitome of apps that dont want to let you know when network stuff is going to shit in the background. And makes a balls of it
Will Apple Address Its Global Problem at the iPhone Event 
I am going to be the most annoying autumnthemed event goer out there I promise. GET READY FOR THE HAUNTED HOUSES APPLE PICKING ETC YALL
this apple music no even wan know say na ontop PC him dey ....the speakers just bursting jams
Apple Music is so popular musicians are making less money than ever  Quartz
With the iPhone X Apple has perfected the unique bezelfree design optimised for perfect touch accuracy I wonder if thats said
All of the journalist in town for Apple event tomorrow getting the Midwest treatment. Thunderstorms and humidity right now. Yuck. 
Apple TV
From The Economist Espresso Great expectations Apple s new iPhone
I liked a YouTube video
Ask Us Your Questions About Apple s New iPhones  The New York Times
I dont like Apple ecosystem
Apple
Apple Events  Keynote September 2017  Apple
Apple TV
Everything has leaked ... sad Apple
Fact remains same these huge corporations such as Google Apple  Amazon etc are ofshoring money are record levels. Think about consequence.
Red II Black IS OUT NOW click the link in the bio stream on Apple music tidal or for
Android phones are always superior. Apple got these hoes brainwashed
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
What to expect at Apple s biggest event in years
From 149 from The It Refurbisher for a grade Brefurbished Apple iMac A1195  select
I hope MKBHD doesnt pull an Apple and forget the headphone jack.
Goes with Apple juice Crown Apple  Apple Cider Sprite coffee ice cream.....
Apple event tomorrow Oooops my phones mysteriously acting up iPhone8
Trying to design tomorrows slides but dont have the latest version of Keynote and cant remember my Apple ID password. AppleSupport help
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now AAPL
I made a Twitter list for those of us for whom Apple events happen while we are asleep
Sticking to mah SamsungMobile kek 
I mean eventually Im sure all phones will go that direction apple is a trend setter for sure Im just not a huge fan of the trend.
iPhone 6 Case Trianium Clear Cushion Protective Apple iPhone 6 Clear Case 4.7Inch Scratch..
I heard its gonna drop down a 100 bucks so same price as the iphone 6
A huge leak about Apple s iPhone X comes days before its big debut
Apple adds mailin option for iPhone Upgrade Program customers ahead of iPhone X
Better sound quality no need to recharge more affordable. Thats my opinion though im more upset that there taking away the choice.
Please bring something new 
Prepping for the apple event elementalcases 
7 by Tour 1 on Apple Music
The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
Best Apple Orchard
Everything you need to know about buying the iPhone X through Apple s iPhone upgrade program
Merry Apple Eve Cant wait to see Apple unveil new products tomorrow
Apple MacBook Air MJVM2LLA 11.6Inch Laptop 1.6 GHz Intel Core i5 128 GB Hard Drive Integrated..
GREAT Apple iPhone 6  64GB  GOLD  Factory Unlocked  ATT TMobile 2648
I wanna go apple picking
VentureBeat  The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
Listen to  Apple Rumor Mill on anchor 
The perfect recipe to start off the Fall season White Cheddar Apple Fry Pies from biteit
Mrs. GREEN APPLE  StaRt
day drink not day drunk. Gotta know the difference to experience the day drinking magic
Final Apple rumors before tomorrow. I CANT WAIT
fiery in a good way i should add. like we were in agreement i was not at the apple store arguing about shade range
Equifaxs app has disappeared from Apple s App Store and Google Play
Unless youre speaking of Apple Records I have no idea what youre talking about. I collect vinyl.
 Apple s Greg Joswiak on Siri We Deliver a Personalized Experience Without Treating You as a Product apple
iPhone X What we think we know about Apple s Sept. 12 product launch IphoneX
I like my red phone completely red apple always fucking something up
Huawei overtakes Apple as worlds secondbiggest smartphone maker.
What about Apple Cider
Ann Coulter is basically Donald Trump minus the fatsuit and inherited wealth and with a bigger package and more prominent Adams apple .
The pricing on Apple s new phone is expected to be around 1200. Almost as much as a new computer. Similar to the Note 8. The new norm
Lol haha you where painting an Apple computer
An apple a day keeps the unrequited love away
yeah just checked again still happening
For in order to survive those of us for whom oppression is as american as apple pie have always had to be watchers .. 
Unity CEO John Riccitiello on Apple s big event privacy and the AR apps well see within the year
Im patiently waiting for Apple to make the announcement about the iPhone so I can go order mine
Top story Apple iOS 11 has a hidden security feature that cops will hate
4K Apple TV. New 4K telly to go with it. New AirPods iPhone X. Apple Watch Series 3. My wallet cant handle all the goodies 
Apple s big iPhone reveal is a day away
I just got so excited because I remembered the Apple Event is tomorrow
Wooden Harvest Fall Welcome Sign Pumpkin Apple Autumn Glitter Thanksgiving Decor
PushAwardsMayWards HOW TO MAKE ENDORSEMENTS THE COPPLE WAY  Hi Apple MarydaleEntrat5 and
You sleep
iPhone X everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone
Faviconographer  Tab Favicons in Safari for Mac. Loving this right now. Just installed it. Cmon Apple 
Great video 10th aniversary of Apple iPhone
Nope. I love Apple  all but Ill stick to my iPhone 6s. The 8 looks bad
10 iPhone 8 features that have Apple imitating more than innovating
Listen to Kodk  I Remember by Apple sLights MG np on SoundCloud
Why Apple knows it can get away with a 1000 iPhone
Mrs. GREEN APPLE  WanteD WanteD
Tech News Apple doesnt think the iPhone X needs any more RAM and its probably right
Apple Cider Bread with Currants and a Crapload of Melty Butter
Listen to Kodk  G4TS Prod. By Juice 808 by Apple sLights MG np on SoundCloud
iRig Pro IO now available in the Apple Store
Hey Twitter what do I do when my MacBook is stuck like this and wont boot apple 
Boyce Avenue  Fast Car Live In Los AngelesCover on Apple  Spotify
Why in the wide world of sports should we waste a good apple 
iPhone X 10 key moments leading up to the new handset Apple s 10th anniversary iPhone launch ...
Oil is called greedy by making few cents profit off each gal. Yet Apple makes 800 profit off each iphone sets profit records  its okay
New iPhone New Apple Watch What to Expect at Apple Event
Annnnnd she chops him dead in the face with the half eaten apple .
since i dont have school tomorrow i can actually watch the apple keynote oH YEAH
Need state emojis Apple
All You Need to Know About iPhone XMost Powerful iPhone Yet
Thanks apple
Im tired of seeing this woman talk about apple cider vinegar on my TL when I dont even follow her. Had to do it. 
I can be critical of them so maybe not fanboy by modern definition but yeah I am a huge apple fan 
Remmers not only held Jordan but got a punch in the Adams Apple too. ouch
Apple iPhone 7 Plus Black 128 GB Sim free Smartphone
I love my coffee and of course my apple fritter to go with that coffee
VentureBeat The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
Typed in gitc on Apple podcast and the only thing that came up was podcast about the Saskatchewan Rough Riders.
Apple email phishing scam from iTunes Store address supporthttps hubs.lyH08C7RW0   sender domain apphehe.com each address unique 
Apple email phishing scam from iTunes Store address supporthttps hubs.lyH08C6VD0   sender domain apphehe.com each address unique 
You know whats cool Stomach muscles you can see. You know whats also cool Pie. Pumpkin pie. Apple pie. Peach pie. Cheesecake. BREAD.
LOWER THE PRICES I STILL HAVE AN IPHONE 4
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Launch On 12th September
Loving my new Apple Watch Charging Stand lego
Wonderful strides in personal device privacy and security by Apple . If only Android had an equivalent.
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
Just entered to win a pair of BlackPods customized Apple AirPods from appleinsider giveaway
Why would I listen to Apple Music when jayz got tidal  Lmao yall need to stop
whos apple
I leave my Shazam on so the songs can go straight to my Apple Music
Apple dont ever disrespect me again by letting my phone die at 10. Tf wrong with yall .
VentureBeat  The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
How exactly Wires catch onto things and fray.
Hey Apple  it used to be awesome when you could charge your phone AND listen on your plugin earphones.
So that means when you find new features in the new Apple Podcasts app TELL ME I want to know all the ins  outs what you love hate
since using my current phone not an apple product i am guilty for occasionally trying out fingerprint unlocking when my hands are full 
Apple andturkey pie called Apple Gobbler
me waiting for the apple logo to show up after putting my dead phone for charging
apple MINT Apple iPhone 6S Plus  32GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
Unity CEO John Riccitiello on Apple s big event privacy and the AR apps well
I am so excited for Apple to release the iPhone 8 specs tomorrow
I would be more excited for Apple Picking
Apple  
New iPhone features leaked by disgruntled Apple employee Source
Check it out Kay Dees Apple Apro is 38 on Mercari Use MBWFET to sign up and get 2 off
Just put everything I want from apple in a cart  the total cost is 2700 
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 64GB Space Grey on 4GEE 10GB 24 Months contract wi...
Apple adds a mailin option to its iPhone Upgrade Program
This Caramel Apple Sangria is only FOUR ingredients and it is delicious It tastes just like a caramel apple 
Halloween is my favourite time of the year someone come apple bobbing with this bitch
Architecture and Plants Apple tree and halftimbered house in Bad Windsheim Germany 
Apple puts focus on camera in new iPhone launch.
Are you excited for tomorrows apple event
Somebody bring me some apple juice and mashed potatoes PLEASEEEEE
Lock like ppl with Apple Music have so much power or something
iOS 11 GM reveals everything about the iPhone X  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 99 and 
Today did not start out great. I shattered my phone when I dropped it on the pavement during my morning walk. Two trips to the Apple Store  
Heres When You Can Watch Apple s First Event at Steve Jobs Theater apple
I did Zumba for the first time in ever today and my Apple Watch somehow dialed 911 so that should tell you how it went
cue Ryo peeking from the bushes giggling watching this lady eating her apple . Though Ryo only stares at her curvy tush
The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling apple iphone 
4A bad apple spoils the bunch. This on all us. For giving people like this idiot a platform to spew bullshit and for gamers to eat it up
No no no... Its Bone Apple Tea get it fucking right. Ugh 
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now AAPL 
pres provident
ashton5sos hello my beautiful sunshine my pretty little gummy bear  the peanut butter to my jelly  apple of my eye I love youuuu
Practical Education  Maria Edgewort Book Australia Apple
The donut shop has apple spice donuts Three cheers for fall
Retweeted DLCE  duulcecardenas  Very excited for the Apple event tomorrow.
I need my bed . collardgreens celery cucumber apple lemon lime juicefast juicecleanse juicelife juicin 
Nice apple except that Sunrise dont hold quality long. Anyone seen Salish apples in markets
So they never leave the Apple circle and thus never have a family Just boatloads of money and a tiny house in the valley
Went on Apple Music thinking Id see some patriotic songs trending but nope its Slob on my Knob
Apple Watch 2 vs Samsung Gear S3 Design. Who Wins
and I want some apple pie onmm
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now AAPL
Here are the new features to expect in Apple s iOS 11
Leaks rumors its Apple time
Fuck Im worried that might happen to me too haha I just signed up for the free trial of Apple Music
Apple MacBook Pro Core i53210M DualCore 2.5GHz 8GB 500GB DVDRW 13.3 Notebook
I spent 1 hour working out with Apple Health. 688 calories burned. LoseIt
TribeTown Indians ClevelandIndians Apple may test the bounds of iPhone love with a 1000 model
The Apple watch makes her wife material
Juicy Js Slob On My Knob Is Trending On Apple Music
Apple has a free Beta program. Anybody can sign up. Ive had IOS11 for like a month now.
Really getting tired of the notification storage full I get the point Apple
Definitely look for some Apple related sketches this week over on freshbfilms
Right tempted to do some research to what happened to the team probably hired by Microsoft or apple 
Apple MacBook Air 11 Core i5 1.6GHz Laptop Computer upgraded to OS X Sierra
me going to add tonibraxton s new single to my music on Apple Music when its available Deadwood 
as an apple user that doesnt have the headphone jack I would love for it to come back
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Ooh hows the UIUX on Apple TV Is there a guide and is it easy to hop around live channels Heard that was difficult when it launched.
In this video I describe my music composition process using Apple GarageBand.
It would be absolutely fantastic and I believe in Apple s best interest to give us first dibs. I never bought Apple Care until now
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
SamHurley Google responds to Apple s Intelligent Tracking Prevention with AdWords tracking update 
What is your favorite type of apple 
and we dont want you back on apple EVER. we dont mess with two faced bishes 
Pen Pineapple Apple Pen EarRape  Terrible Sound   Headphones Users 
will the apple go up if someone hits a dinger
Sitting here staring at my phone trying to figure out who made it so that YouTube wont play music when I turn my phone off... smh Apple
Would they raise the Apple for a Rays HR
i found out that apple was releasing the iphone tomorrow from a jacksfilms video lmfaoo
When you cook them the skin splits and all the insides come out. They are an old variety of cooking apple dating back to Tudor times.
Thank you
polished off a box Saturday. Theyre very good but the fake apple flavouring always has a bad aftertaste. 710
In this video I describe my music composition process using Apple GarageBand.
RT businessinsider  Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
Apple can you explain to me why the last 1 of battery lasts longer than the first 99 
Sounds good
In this video I describe my music composition process using Apple GarageBand.
The iPhone 8 will fuel Apple s Upgrade Program and thats a bad thing 
Apple pie crunchy but soft form inside the cinnamon  the apple makes it slightly spicy and sweet
Unless it goes all the way to something like what Apple is doing with ML and AR but I dont see that taking off in console games.
So excited for the Apple Event tomorrow AppleEvent
And wearing an Apple Watch to steal signs
Unfortunately antiCatholic bigotry is as American as apple pie and baseball.
Apple s iPhone 8 launch 7 stocks to watch out for today  Apple Inc will unveil new iPhones today at its Apple ...
What Will Apple Announce At Its September 12 Event My Predictions For The iPhone X And New iPhone 8  Forbes
A huge leak about Apple s iPhone X comes days before its big debut
iPhone X 8 8 Plus SPECS LEAK 4K Apple TV NEW iPod Touch
Do they Raise the Apple if the Rays hit a HR
Cook Our products are not only for the rich analyst sees big drop in Apple s stock after tomorrow
Because you are the Apple of my eyes  Hen sweet eh
Drop the 8 already damn Apple
Every time she says something mean she loses a pound and her adams apple gets bigger.
In this video I describe my music composition process using Apple GarageBand.
Just paid my Apple Music I feel like a new man
Details About the New Apple iPhone X Just Leaked and Theyre Pretty Amazing
Hands up if you eat your tomatoes like an apple
Apple Event Tomorrow.....Cant Wait.
Qualcomm touts Android firsts as it hilariously tries to steal Apple s iPhone X thunder
if you want a good vibes playlist Mellow Days on apple music is a 100100 recommendation
Apple conspiracy 
As both a pie guy and an oreo afficianado have you tried the new apple pie Oreos
Elisha Apple
This killer has killed before. DAWN GIRL SoundCloud rt rtravel fridayfeeling success Amazon apple fiction
News Hub  Live Blog 9to5Mac at Steve Jobs Theater for the iPhone X LTE Apple Watch and Apple TV 4K
This simple memory test shows how well you know the Apple logo
This simple memory test shows how well you know the Apple logo
This simple memory test shows how well you know the Apple logo
Heres every Apple HomeKit product announced at CES 2017 coming later this year
HoshiChan remains the  Apple of Discord.
Apple and Accenture Partnership What it Means for Mobile Progress . Finance Procurement Partnerships
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
Apple just made the iPhone even more impervious to cops
You can find apple as an ingredient in our Royal Uplifting Face Cream and Rejuvenating Eye Care Cream. 
I liked a YouTube video
10 Things Your Small Business Can Learn About Marketing from Apple INFOGRAPHIC
Very excited for the Apple event tomorrow.
Apple released iOS 11 beta to developers last week via TechCrunch
I am managing not to catch any spoilers and waiting for the 10th iphone anniversary Apple AppleEvent
I made apple crisp in hopes of hurrying up hoodie weather
I pulled my earbuds out of a Mac laptop once and everyone got to listen to BMTH. This is why I dont trust apple .
Automatic Apple Watch AppleWatch3 AppleWatch Watch
iPhone X everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone
Argh the Apple podcasts app is SO SO SOOOO BAD
The state of Apple  Whats at stake with the iPhone X unveiling
So if the Rays hit a home run will they use the home run apple 
Apple s iOS 11 Will Make It Even Harder for Cops to Extract Your Data
Yeah I think all my iPhone cables are like that this is the first time it burnt the plastic and nearly my hand
Apple Will Unveil New iPhones New Apple TV And New Apple Watch On Sept. 12 
businessinsider Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
Vitaliy Katsenelsons Contrarian Edge Apple s iPhone8 wont move the stock the way these drivers could
Vitaliy Katsenelsons Contrarian Edge Apple s iPhone8 wont move the stock the way these drivers could
Apple s September 12 event may mark a turning point for iPhone Apple Watch AppleEvent
Idk how I like the WatchESPN app on WINDOWS 10 It CRASHED  QUIT ITSELF AFTER I RESET MY APPLE TV
Someone was loving his caramel apple popsicle palmpops sweettreat fallflavor weddingday foodphotography 
Princesses have kissed frogs ate a poisonous apple lived in beast castle exchanged tails for legs and got stuck up in a tower.
Heres what Wall Street expects out of the Apple iPhone event
Just entered to win a pair of BlackPods customized Apple AirPods from appleinsider giveaway
NewsWatch New Apple iPhones key feature is its price tag
OMGso you havent heard that Apple are going toJust kidding. Enjoy the coverage  I look forward to your podcasts.
Today we peeled cored and sliced apples to make apple chips. healthysnacks NSDnow 
Cook Our products are not only for the rich analyst sees big drop in Apple s stock after tomorrow
Thank you 
Timing is great too. Apple TV finally getting Amazon app.
Apple adds a mailin option to its iPhone Upgrade Program
Check out 10 iPhone 8 secrets spilled by Apple s superleak on the CNET App
flavor taste too syrupy to me. But that crown Apple with ginger ale
Apple s September 12 event may mark a turning point for iPhone Apple Watch AppleEvent
Tech News xiaomi is coming for Apple
Details just leaked about the new Apple iPhones  theyre pretty amazing bizzwriter
iPhone 8 Release date price specs and rumours about Apple s 2017 flagship smartphone
Good on you MadeByGoogle ... Where are you Apple 
Bentanite Clay is great for dry brittle hair  Your moisture will bounce back immediately I mix it with but some use apple cider vinegar 
The Biggest iPhone Leak Yet Wont Bruise Apple
The Biggest New Thing Apple Is About to Release Isnt Hardware at All
Why Tuesday Is Apple s Most Important Day in Three Years  WIRED
Cant wait to see how Apple Inc. will rip off their consumers tomorrow Tweet sent via iPhone
Itll soon be 1am  I cant sleep because Im looking forward to Apple iPhone announcement tomorrow Like a kid at Christmas fanboy happy
Cinnamon apple 
Unity CEO John Riccitiello on Apple s big event privacy and the AR apps well see within the year
dmoren jsnell I suspect the people most spoiled by the GM leak are the hundreds of tech writers poring over it  Apple s own team.
Apple expected to unveil newest iPhone on Tuesday
Apple  Bacon and Sausage Breakfast Skillet
Qualcomm touts Android firsts as it hilariously tries to steal Apple s iPhone X thunder
Liveblog Apple s September 2017 iPhone 8 launch
ad Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Gold Aluminum Case Midnight Blue Sport Band... 
Spigen S330 Apple Watch Stand with Aluminum Body for Apple Watch Series 1  Series 2  42mm  38mm..
Daisy really did say shell get me a McDonalds and then break it to me that she hasnt got her card and doesnt have Apple Pay set up yet
Hope its something positive for my grandson with autism.
I know I already know what I want buuut Ive been wanting an Apple Watch
Lol i thought manzana ment like apple 
A2Artist I need trade places on Apple Music. Safe
A VERY PROFESSIONAL MACBOOK PRO UNBOXING RT share and comment for apple iPhone8 iPhoneX YouTube
How You Can Use Apple Cider Vinegar to Reduce High Blood Pressure and Lose Weight.
I want an Apple Watch
What to expect at Apple s biggest event in years.
I think Apple headphones are just as bad as the chargers. Shit dont last at all
All is on Apple   AAPL LivewireMarkets punheadline
If u gotta disaffiliate from chi pie apple strudel bc u cant be friends with someone it aint worth it  bek02
Also specific apps running on Apple s API that is also specifically optimized to the OS.
I had to endure being fussed at for 10 minutes while I hooked my Apple TV up so my dad could watch the football game in his room
Im thinking about SamsungMobileUS again. been apple iPhone user since the 4 but the service is horrible. I just want a new battery.
DEAR CHUCKWENDIG . APPLE CABIN IS REAL
Snead better be eating a 2pc mild wings and drinking apple juice as he sits from the comfort of his couch
Yes I use Apple cider vinegar My routine consists of that baking soda raw black soap and I also use green clay masks. All are cheap
iphoneSuperSale MINT Apple iPhone 6S Plus  32GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
RT TFTCS RT technology The iPhone X is what Apple wants the iPhone to be markgurman says  
He looks at the apple he was about to eat. Chucks it across the room.
Check out  Apple Watch Series 3 All the rumors on specs price and LTE on the CNET App
Qualcomm touts Android firsts as it hilariously tries to steal Apple s iPhone X thunder
Get ready for a new much more powerful Apple TV  TechCrunch... See on What
Apple well dae it deliberately acc capitalist freaks
The only thing that will cure my cold and make it stop raining is the new iPhone being unveiled. Chop chop Apple 
Heres what Wall Street expects out of the Apple iPhone event
I find ironic how KSIs diss was called Adams Apple  because that would make Alesa the
Apple MacBook Air 11 Core i5 1.6GHz Laptop Computer upgraded to OS X Sierra
GSequencer fixed DMG without any X11 dependencies available on older Apple Mac OS X systems  runs sierra  lion
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now AAPL
More excited to see what the new Apple Watch has to offer than the iPhone X tomorrow AppleEvent
ijustine I just figured out what everyone is asking themselves why iPhone X And I thought X means 10 and its the 10th apple anniversary
Love when my room smells like apple cinnamon .. that fall
All The New Features To Expect For Apple s iPhone8 STORY...
Honestly you dont need to hassle with Apple for something as simple as that. No rhyme pun intended
Can we enjoy our iPhones 1st before yall make more of them
The Apple Special Event for the next iPhone is in a couple days and apparently the iPhone 7 is still considered New. 
Text 2162003425
Apple Events  Keynote September 2017  Apple
iPhone X everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone
JxsonYt you got an extra devices I could have  Apple devices xd
Why the Apple AirPods May Not Be for You
Feh. Its only NEAR REALTIME. Get with it Apple 
A Carmel apple sounds soo good rn
I used to... I use Apple Music now. Playlist titles are a fave part things like thats not a mountain ur climbing its a volcano
Im so impressed by Apple Pay
Please contact our support team and we will work with you on this issue. Thanks.
do any gas stations in huntsville have apple pay
Disgruntled Apple employee leaks details of iPhone X and iOS 11 software.
Apple IOS 11 Coming really soon
But actually apple cider donuts too please
Apple iPhone 7 Plus Black 128 GB Sim free Smartphone
appleinsider Apple just leaked iPhone 8 with this link
I liked a YouTube video
Equifaxs app has disappeared from Apple s App Store and Google Play
Î¾Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus A1661 128GB Silver Sprint BAD ESN
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Wired is better than wireless.
iPhone X everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone  Technology  The Guardian Interesting
I noticed the new iOS update. My question is how does quantum entanglement work in relation to collapsed wave functions
Covered up that Adams apple ..
Qualcomm list of all of the firsts Android beat Apple to.. with a number of mistakes
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
can one of yall tell me how to download Harrys cover of the chains to my Apple Music before I literally kill myself thx
HamidMirPAK is mixing up two different things apple and orange Before passing nonsense comment he shud understand context of phatichar.
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  128GB  Rose Gold ATT Smartphone aesthetic tumblr 
Literally cannot wait to see the Apple Keynote tomorrow Work is giving us 2 hours to watch it like a movie day I love my job
What are your feelings on Apple s choice to use a 6 core ARMV8only instruction set in the A11 Also who the eff is hank
i just realized that two of them are covering the apple now i need to redo the whole thing FUCK
So after a whole week of trying everything to fix it Apple telling me I need a new one.. my phone decides to just fix itself randomly
For The Fellas Meet NYC Hostess Lynda Rose And Her Organic Apple Cakes
The sunset over Apple s new building.    sunset apple applecampus applecampus2 nature 
we can trash the new iPhone all we want but we all know our dumbasses still going to the apple store to buy it
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Cory 1986 Topps Garbage Pail Kids Series 3  Base 121a by Topps Garbage Pail Kids Series 3
Either my iPhone spontaneously overheats or its all manipulated by apple so Ill buy the new iPhone 8 ThatPriceThough WhatSalary
Building hot dogs with crazy toppings ketchup mustard and apple tonight to stretch with our smallest athletes. 
. HP is the turnaround king leading analysts like Enderle  to believe it is a better investment than Apple .
7eleven any plans to onboard Apple Pay
you right. my phones been stupid as hell since the 7 came out tbh  Im tired of Apple but they keep pulling me back in 
10 iPhone 8 secrets spilled by Apple s superleak
I liked a YouTube video
Spoiler alert apple gonna leak next apple devices tonight
Technology  Apple s iPhone X Everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone
Cant wait to start the new job tmr Everything is finally coming together  drinking angry orchard green apple ...
The apple doesnt fall far from the proverbial tree.
startup What these teen tech entrepreneurs think about Microsoft Amazon Apple  AI the cloud and
64GB iPhone 6 Apple Gold Smartphone iOS 4G LTE Cellphone AAAStock
APPLE PEN
Whos excited for the  iPhone Event later tonight I know I am apple
Apple s new product hype could set the tone Tuesday
ITIOS  Apple doesnt think the iPhone X needs any more RAM  While t..
I peeped they changed the emojis...... Apple I will fight yall if you change the way emojis look
As usual.....people have already started queing for Apple s new phones.
Apple is about to unveil its latest iPhones. Heres everything you need to know
Just had my first apple of the season and it was freakin delicious
admit it you only know this apple exists because of Roald Dahl... same reason I planted one 
is because its an iphone not an android if I wanted an android I would get one fucking apple
Can I sign up today Or does it have to be tomorrow
Apple
as for the other reference this is a 90s MTV cultural touchstone google Fiona Apple this world is bullshit
What is your skin care routine Have you ever tried apple cider vinegar
If they do make it another Apple timed exclusive I might just consider getting an iPad so I dont need to put up with the waiting xD
Hoping the new iOS update allows us to customise the control centre. Need a VPN toggle Apple
Hiding her Adams apple would be my guess if she didnt actually have kids.
no no i wanna know why kt ate an apple core more than ANYONE else
I know Im going to be disappointed but Im excited about the Apple event tomorrow
My phone has been trippin ALL day Im so sick of Apple  them messing up these phones whenever a new iPhone bout to come out
u know ur poor when u cant afford the new  should probably wait until ur eligible for an upgrade iPhoneX iPhone8 Apple MondayMotivaton
Tommy Beppler well this apple fell very far from the tree. I dont remember Billy being so out of touch with...
An apple a day still makes you sick anyways
Enough with cran apple  cranmango is the move 
Apple s Newest iPhone Set to Be Unveiled Tuesday Could Cost 1000 iPhone8
Its neat that Apple is making another phone thats just a bit better than the last but it still costs your soul to buy.
iPhone 8 Loading .... IClub Apple fan club D
The biggest Apple leaks are... iPhone X Face ID Animojis Apple Watch LTE 
Im so convinced the iPhone X will be ex that Im going to pronounce it that way regardless of what Apple says tomorrow.
We support marriage equality Apple chief executive Tim Cook
Gonna start doing monthly playlists. Apologies for my Apple Music stanning but if youre there hit it up
Enough is known in March comes to the apple never knocks twice at all doubt
Happy AppleEvent Eve Apple iPhoneX iPhone8 
clusterstock Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
Use the fucking dongle. Whats the big deal Fuck.
Site Manager job at Apple Resourcing UK Ltd  Harlow
Ok Apple lets see what u got.my phone acting up.so the iPhone 8 will decide if I stick with Apple or move on to galaxy
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
iPhone X everything we think we know about the new Apple smartphone
Apple s new iPhone wont move the stock the way these drivers could  MarketWatch
What did the worm want to do when he grew up He wanted to join the Apple Core Corps.
What a barn builder Whats the longest play from scrimmage 9 yards Lol. Im glad sam got to 4 apple a lot at least...
Take 1 second to vote for the apple announcement
Jokes on the girl whos buying my Apple Watch on the morning theyre announcing series 3
MINT Apple iPhone 6S Plus  32GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
That is one sexy apple .
Android is no less secure than Apple . sure you can bypass the store and go side load stuff but then well then you deserve whats coming.
Tony Tuff can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted. ShiaLaTuff
What if I told you I think apple s quality is unmatched...
I forgot my Apple Music not working I think I might pass out
iPhone X Everything we think we know about Apple s new smartphone expected to be launched Tuesday for 1000.
why is it every time apple comes out with an iphone it ends up looking more and more like an android like the whole point I have an iphone 
Eli Apple please
So cool I never thought an Adams apple could make me blush like that happy birthday namjoon
Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now Geek
Apple just made the iPhone even more impervious to cops
when you accidentally delete an entire conversation off an iPhone  have no way to get it back  wheres the r u sure message Apple
It is with deepest regret to announce that due to Apple we will no longer be providing updates to our iOS apps....
We Dont Get to Be Outraged by Apple Leaks  The Mac Observer
18 more hours till the reveal. Please let it be a solid iPhone cause that note 8 looking real good apple
Apple s new product hype could set the tone Tuesday
10 iPhone 8 secrets spilled by Apple s superleak
Apple Summit Sierra just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Not gonna lie. The apple fritter from Starbucks is good.
You want to pay 990 for a Note 8 and scoff at the Apple fanboys buying 1000 iPhones
Advised a friend they dont have to take breaks to have season breakdowns. Apple Podcast downloadslistens matter. Make it simple
fckin apple watches
If Apple really made a light pink IPhone8.... I would literally die
SAI Apple s strangely strong guidance all makes sense now
Oops Commission for Apple Cream1 
RealMichaelKay will the Apple go up if a Yankee hits a homer
How can Apple sell these phone for so much when theyre manufacture in CHINA.... cost them about 50.00 to assemble..
Yes its the home of Manx cats like Banjo.
Around 17 hours left to Apple iPhone event.. iPhoneX
Apple Pie Overnight Steel Cut Oatmeal  loaded with steel cut oats and apple cinnamon goodness this recipe ... 
They look a little like a living mint mango apple . Still adorable
Alltime Top Trending Search on Apple Music right now 
Cant wait to see what Apple has to show tomorrow AppleEvent
Im ready for Apple to bring us something BIG
and you think Apple respects privacy oh man I am laughing so hard right now .....
Looking forward to it. Apple 
She sexually eats an apple .
happy bday apple master dillwill11 
Apple event hype babyyyy
By all my money.. I meant 21 under MY Apple account.
I bought an Apple Watch a statement I never thought Id make. 
Apple I just got the iPhone 7 the charger that was given to me already stopped working in a max of 6 days HOW
News Hub  Live Blog 9to5Mac at Steve Jobs Theater for the iPhone X LTE Apple Watch and Apple TV 4K unveiling
Think you can sneak me in to the event I live like three minutes away from Apple Park
It will use a new 6core Apple A11 processor. Not sure.
RT TFTCS RT technology The iPhone X is what Apple wants the iPhone to be markgurman says  
iMac Pro better get a release date at Apple s iPhone 8 event
Maybe but they probably got money from Apple for making it exclusive at launch.
yall almost had me with that red iphone. But Im back now Apple garb
Apple today is my 1 yr anniversary Since I got my first iPhone and thx apple for making such amazing divices and I just wnt to say thx
It showed the true diversity of the Big Apple and no matter your religion color or gender People came together in time of unity
This is a big decision... should I switch over to Apple Music from Spotify
 Apple ... could ultimately prove far better at learning about and analyzing your preferences and behavior than that
Cook Our products are not only for the rich analyst sees big drop in Apple s stock after tomorrow
Handmade Apple Watch Strap Apple Watch Band Calf Leather with Adapter 38mm 42mm  Scenic
I wish Apple had a trade in policy. So if you bought an Apple product within the year you could trade it in for the newer one
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
New iPhones iWatches and Apple TVs out in the next few weeks. Expect food banks to surge.
Apple fans right now AppleEvent
AppleEvent Meet iPhone X. Say hello to the future. Apple unveils new iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus Apple Watch Apple TV Animoji 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
apple  iPhone 8 camera is better than ever android user we had that already   
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
bro Apple aint playing
36 new features in 8 seconds. Miss one Tap to freeze. Learn about iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus.
ME WHATS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN IPHONE 7 AND IPHONE 8 APPLE EMPLOYEE 
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Eating an apple I feel so skinny 
Apple got rid of the home button on the iPhone X  but you can use your face to unlock it with Face ID AppleEvent 
Everyone is saying Apple s FaceID failed in the presentation but this just means the phone hasnt been unlocked once first like touchID does 
apple  iPhone 8 camera is better than ever android user we had that already   
Home button removed . No fingerprints anymore . Facial recognition unlock. Apple is calling it the FaceID AppleEvent
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Apple unveils iPhone8 and 1000 iPhone X with facial recognition technology and OLED screen
iPhone 7 8 9
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
When your artworks is shown on the Apple Event 
If Ruby was Apple s CEO AppleEvent 
Looking forward to learning more about the iPhoneX and whether its a businessfit  techgoods Apple
The iPhone X is a complete redesign of Apple s signature phone on the occasion of its 10th anniversary.
FaceID I cant wait to see how Apple thinks they can turn the worlds most exposed credential your face into a secure key. Game on.
Disappointed to see that O2  the initial iPhone provider has failed to support the Cellular Apple Watch.
Just got this gem on Apple Music
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
oh perfect this will really help when my butterfingers drop it. good looking out Apple ......... 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
Im saving for a yacht not an Apple Watch or iPhones. I have traveling to do.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Set your Apple Face ID to your comeface so that if someone mugs you for your phone they at least have to wank you off first
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
Apple X is the Feds with that face ID yall keep on playin
ME WHATS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN IPHONE 7 AND IPHONE 8 APPLE EMPLOYEE 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
 Apple fanboys are such easy marks thinks me a man who will freak out when he sees a Mario mustache on a cactus or something tomorrow.
Maybe
apple  iPhone 8 camera is better than ever android user we had that already   
Sure it wasnt apple juice
Wireless charging Woah Thats so advanced so futuristic so....four years late.
Apple announces the Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular AppleEvent 
As a videographer I gotta say Apple events are consistently the most welllit press events every year. Others could learn That is all. 
The iPhone X is a complete redesign of Apple s signature phone on the occasion of its 10th anniversary.
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
FaceID failed to unlock iPhoneX during the Apple Event demo today
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
apple  iPhone 8 camera is better than ever android user we had that already   
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
. JessieJaneDuff Visits Big Apple Why are we playing cat  mouse games with NKorea Russia  China have a dog in this fight their ally 
iPhone X MUST HAVE AND the Apple watch 3
Apple  Face ID cant be fooled easily. Arya Stark Well see about that AppleEvent iPhoneX 
When Apple says A11 Bionic neural engine all I think about is... AppleEvent2017 iPhoneX 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Apple users wondering how new Face ID can protect them against their evil twins. AppleEvent
36 new features in 8 seconds. Miss one Tap to freeze. Learn about iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
Apple Event iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple TV 4K Details  Variety
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X. 
They are roasting Apple so hard on Twitter
Say hello to the future. iPhone X. 
Vintage bakelite apple juice Necklace with Graduated Round Beads 25 on eBay
Say hello to the future. iPhone X. 
USERS put back the headphone jack APPLE  the iphone 9 is called the iphone x USERS pplease APPLE  apple stores are now called town squares
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
We visit Apple Park or a slice of it anyway. It oneupped iPhone X.
Apple  Face ID cant be fooled easily. Arya Stark Well see about that AppleEvent iPhoneX 
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
iPhone X new priceUr left kidney iphone iPhoneEdition iPhoneX iPhone10 Apple AppleEvent LKA SriLanka srilankan iphonelaunch 
Top story Apple tried to show off Face ID and it was so embarrassing
36 new features in 8 seconds. Miss one Tap to freeze. Learn about iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus.
ATT  Verizon TMobile will charge 10 per month for Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular data plans AppleWatchSeries3 applewatch tech
100littlethingsaboutBamBam 39 BamBam gets strength by being with the members and eating good food
Say hello to the future. iPhone X.
Top story Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Apple  Face ID cant be fooled easily. Arya Stark Well see about that AppleEvent iPhoneX 
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Keeping Fake News Apple straight
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Noticias Las novedades de Apple  iPhone X iPhone 8 8s y Apple Watch Series 3
Tunein at 8 p.m. ET5 p.m. PT to watch the HandInHand benefit show live on Apple Music.
Celebrate Fall with this Easy CINNAMON APPLE CREAM CHEESE DANISH PRINTABLE RECIPE HERE
Everything Apple announced at todays iPhone event
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
My wifi has been iffy due to Irmabut finally got to see Apple keynote. No iPhone made me want to upgrade my 7 but really want the Watch
Klear Cut 6 Pack  Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 6S  Lifetime Replacement Warranty ..
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Maybe with the iPhone 9 Apple will introduce its new innovative headphone jack. AppleEvent
Apple I just want the earphone jack back man.
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
Top story Apple unveils new iPhones
I was hoping Apple wouldnt go this direction.
Lmao apple wants me to pay one grand for their new phone Bye switching to android
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
Why doesnt the iPhone X come with AirPods Apple
The iPhone X is the most expensive smartphone Apple s ever made
Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 8 and the iPhone 8 Plus at the AppleEvent .
Nice original Apple meme Definitely didnt see this type of tweet last year with the iPhone 7
So they basically made a Samsung...
lol really Apple I need to save money for my new iphone. MyPhoneIsAlwaysShattered ThisIsATrap
Apple iPhone 8 Now Official with Hexa Core A11 Chip  Pinoy Techno Guide
Apple died with Jobs. They just dont admit it yet.
Wanttttt
Apple s iPhone X Face ID no home button 999  CNN Money
The only case Apple have made is a Folio case. Hmmm.
Apple fuck you for taking the 3mm aux port away so I cant listen to music when my Bluetooth headphones die.
Ive just realized with apple s new facial recognition women wont be able to unlock their phone without applying 3 hours of makeup
Me too as I type on my Apple phone
iPhone8 iPhone8Plus New 4.7inch and 5.5inch Retina HD displays. AppleEvent SteveJobsTheater Apple 
Iphone X looks cool finally a new design from Apple who would buy a regular 8 Plus same old boring ass IPhone
But every time Ive tried to switch to Android the Apple ecosystem and the fact that their software is so much smoother .
Not clear if this wall of faces actually exists at Apple 
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment 
This tweet is sponsored by Apple Inc
I liked a YouTube video
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Ok but what about the groucho marx glasses wearing community Apple
Girl dis Tew much
AR is about to reach most Apple users
What a day o news. Hard to remember that it started off with eracing365 before insert racing or Apple headline...
Thank you Apple kuarkan iPhone X  8 whatever its called. Praying iPhone 7 is affordable
Apple keeps releasing new iphones like i dont got this 2 year contract to worry about before an upgrade
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Android Rules
Amazing AR demo shows off Apple Park
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
iPhone 8 UK release date price and best features of Apple s new device 
Apple Makes a Splash With Lovely Debut Ads for the iPhone X and Latest Apple Watch
iCant Apple Reveals iPhone X Featuring Face ID And Twitter Is As Shady And Scammy As Ever 
Apple Watch Series 3 is huge win for carriers 10 extra per month for a device that sips data.
With iPhone 8 and iPhone X Apple creates another tier of luxury
Top story Apple unveils iPhone X and youll never look at phones the same aga
I hope they tested FaceID on the brotha and sistas hehe Everything Apple announced at its keynote
It still has touch id when the phone is unlocked now it just uses facial recognition
That had always been the trouble with Apple . So very expensive too expensive
businessinsider Apple just convinced me to stay with iPhone and not ditch for Android
Apple s A11 chip is called bionic
I liked a YouTube video
I still want a Apple Watch
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event 
Hot new product on ProductHunt  Apple 4K TV  The 4K HDR era.
Top story Apple Face ID Comment of the Day Goes Too...
help him out here Apple AppleSupport
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Bezelless iPhones and wireless charging is progress but yeah Apple always lags behind the new trends
Wow glad u dont work for Apple with that attitude
Apple been slacking since iphone 6
apple introduced 2 new iphones today. The iphone 8 and iphone x
Apple s new facial recognition iPhone unlocking tool failed in its first public demo
ya got tired of numbers with letters so lets be cool and just use the letter X
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone 
HOOTING AND HOLLERING APPLE S USING ALREADYUSED STANDARDS
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Im sure my boyfriend will be so excited when I come home with the new Apple TV on the 22
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Heres how Apple s iPhone X differs from the 8
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
I answer calls for Apple and this is definitely me lol
Over priced just like the rest of the smart phones. Time to innovate like a boss and reduce cost instead of raising it for trash
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Someone mentioned that same audio spec was already supported by previous gen Apple TV.
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
Apple said you look like a hiyar
Apple So if I am being honest why couldnt you just throw Touch ID on the back off the phone just like Samsung. I mean I couldnt Read on
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New iPhones and Watches
Everything Apple Announced Today
Theres always battery cases too I guess
Im lowkey just salty about not having access to Apple emojis period outside of Textra
Apple TVs 4K movie pricing is exactly what the 4K world needs
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event More here 
Seriously the dumbest thread in my feed Ive seen today. Congratulations. I also dont use any Apple devices.
Top story The Apple Watch Series 3 will transform a lot of workouts  TechCr
Hearing family stories from the 80s involving Hennessy like the apple dont fall far from the tree
iPhone 8 is disappointing. iPhone X is meh release date still in Nov. airpower wont be available until 2018. Apple s stock falls.
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Handson with Apple s new iPhone X Face ID and more Video
I liked a YouTube video
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
OK but really its the same every year. Saw it with Apple Watch and Touchbar just to name two.
Lololol Apple is such a pretentious fuck of s company.
The iPhone X just looks like an android phone with the apple symbol on the back of it.
Same thing that happens after every Apple event. Buy on rumor sell on news. Always.
They shouldve released it next year with more innovations theyre trying to compete with the new S8 tho for me apple is still better
999 Really I just fell in love with my iPhone 6s all over again. And its analog headphone jack Apple
TechCrunch Its AppleEvent day so of course we covering everything apple on CrunchReport with titoyooo
was it sarah from apple pie
all the best Apple . I think iPhone X will be more successful than iPhone7 .
Sorry ran out of characters. I can continue
Are you sure Apple is not renaming their campus to realm
iPhone X is the only bezel less display phone in Apple  iPhone 8 and Plus is as just similar to previous version with improvement. What
Its like..... they make the phones last but so much and they want you to buy a new one or replace it. Im mad. Im really really made.
So I realized I watched the Apple keynote last Saturday with the amount of leaks that we had 
Up close with the new LTEenabled Apple Watch does this really change everything
Just so many people are bemoaning Apple s design choices as if they are physically compelled to buy iPhones.
Whats this iPhone X all about 900 for that hahahahahah Ill slap Apple with 900
IAMKINGGEORGES Apple designed a 1000 android I cant
Heres Your First HandsOn Look at the iPhone X Apple s Boldest Smartphone Yet  TIME
Apple takes Samsung ideas and make them better
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s Real Hit Isnt the iPhone X but the New Apple Watch
WHAT ABOUT TWINS APPLE DID YOU THINK OF THAt
TechCrunch Its AppleEvent day so of course we covering everything apple on CrunchReport with titoyooo
Okay but that battery life better be A1
Omg How fun would that be Lets do it Apple Crisp is a tricky sometimes.
Damn you Apple The bezels are nonexistent...
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Catching up on the Apple stream as I was in work the iPhone X looks great but why make me use my face Dont always want to lift phone up
The new iPhone looks pretty cool but a 1000... Apple youve gone a bit far this time
Bad bitch apple dont fall far from the bad bitch tree lollll
No bc its apple
Top story Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
ngl im kinda tempted to get the apple watch from tmobile since its about 15 a month not incl 4g
HandsOn with the iPhone X Apple s Most Stunning Yet
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple I just wanted a Samsung Galaxy with iOS... its that so difficult  Apple start your photocopiers AppleEvent2017 
Top story Apple Face ID Comment of the Day Goes Too...
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
apple  new phone me kay we apple  new game by thatgamecompany coming to iphone me shit aight i didnt need school money anyway
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event tech
damn the apple x is revolutionary 
But the home button man whyy did you take it off. Thats what makes it unique
If Apple ever lets me download things then maybe Id consider getting an iPhone. Otherwise no thanks
Its Apple s newest phone for 10th anniversary of Apple inc. or something.
Tech Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Apple 1000 for a phone you guys must have that goooooooood weed connect
Hey Apple  instead of my left kidney.. can I give you my thyroid Both of them for the iPhone X Yes ok.. great
All of the strong smells at the Apple iPhone event
So wait Apple removed their fingerprint too Haaay. Always following. Kala ko pa naman kaya nila mag fingerprint ng below glass.
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
anti  Whats Hot in Digital Apple announces the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus 
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
New post  Apple exec suffers embarrassing glitch as FaceID FAILS 
iPhone X is Apple aposs latest attempt at a Samsung killer. But itaposs coming late.
Yes Im watching the AppleEvent2017 again. In Apple we trust.
Apple s 999 iPhone X packs an edgetoedge display and dual cameras
SawSayDuh is it too late to trade it in
More people swipe up on my story of apple pie than pics of me 
Now I might just get that new Apple Watch well I am gone get it
Hello SamsungMobile I mean Apple ripoff
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
AppleWatch Apple s Watch just beat Rolex to become the most popular on Earth  heres why that makes sense  Mark
Top story Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
https youtu.beNx8Ik9G5Dg Not an Apple user but a pretty powerful message about how technology not only changes but saves lives.
AppleWatch Apple Watch 3  CNET
Awesome congrats
New iPhone more stupid more money fuck you were Apple
Goodbye auto shows Car reveals will soon look like the Apple iPhone X event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
i just called they said you can preorder the 8 on friday and the iphone x is october 22nd 
Apple in 2017 WIRELESS CHARGING WHOOOO Everyone else ...and
I dont wanna start arguing but my 250 Android tablet I bought in 2013 had it lol
Live Apple Event  Apple September Event 2017  iPhone 8 iPhone X iOS 11  Apple Keynote
Sitting in a coffee shop. A young woman just found her lost iPhone by having another patron use his Find My iPhone app. Nice job Apple 
Apple releases iTunes 12.7 with iOS 11 support simplified content types more.
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple s adoption of Qi signals the end of the wireless charging wars
At the Apple Store right now trying to get Pamelas phone fixed 
Apple owe me a check.
Wait Apple added a Trump emoji
Apple s adoption of Qi signals the end of the wireless charging wars
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
iPhone X and iPhone 8 Charge to 50 in 30 Minutes With FastCharge Feature
Think Ill probably get a Series 3 Apple Watch after skipping the Series 2. Mostly for 2 years of speed increases.
The iPhone is now a phone only for people who can afford it. Samsung is better than Apple even if the note 8 is 930.
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Anyone else creeped out that Apple will now have your Face ID as well as your thumbprint I know already a thing but no thanks.
Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
That face ID apple thing is scary af. Where are they storing this data of facial recognition Fuck that
Watched the iPhone X8 Keynote today. Did anybody else see that apple iphoneX
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
Apple iPhone X adopts facial recognition and OLED screen 
Prices and PreOrder Dates for Apple iPhone 8 8 Plus  X Apple iPhone8 iPhone8Plus iPhoneX 
Its AppleEvent day so of course we covering everything apple on CrunchReport with titoyooo
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Todays gym session was sooooo difficult... I think I will concentrate eating apple pie today
I liked a YouTube video
Headphone jack Finger print Customisable applications home screen themes variety apk widgets multi task windows expandable memory
Samsung Subaru Apple  BMW. Sexy beats sensible at least when econ is up.
I can show you many guys that wear that watch. Many are tough SOBs in the military. Dont be dumb.
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
iPhone X event the five most important things from the Apple keynote
Apple apresentou o Apple Watch Series 3
Apple products most certainly do not suck. Ive been using them professionally for more than 20 years.
apple please give us group facetime
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
 AAPL  Without iPhone X How Will Apple Hit Its Guidance
This will be really awkward to do one handed which I do a lot on my iPhone 7 Plus the Apple TV remote in Control Center is AMAZING
Face ID and everything and I remember still how Apple sued Samsung because they had 4 icons on the bottom
So we just gonna ignore the fact that Apple skipped the iPhone 9
Highlights from Apple s keynote event
Heres everything Apple announced at its big iPhone launch event 
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Yay iPhone Life and death in Apple s forbidden city
AppleEvent2017 CAN YOU RELEASE IOS 11 ALREADY LIKE OMG Apple AppleSupport
Apple iPhone X adopts facial recognition and OLED screen 
iPhone X is Apple aposs latest attempt at a Samsung killer. But itaposs coming late.
Nobody wants the iPhone 8
. Apple hasnt wowed me since 2011. Hmm I wonder why
I cant wait to get the new Apple Watch
Apple s iPhone Xs FacialRecognition Feature Comes With Compromises
Help is here Are you getting an error messagewhich Apple TV model Try a quick reboot of your ATVmodemrouter. Any change after
Apple unveils new iPhone X to fend off growing competition
Apple iPhone X adopts facial recognition and OLED screen AppleEvent
Watch the Apple Special Event
Idk why but Im bothered Apple didnt create an iPhone 7s. They broke the streak mildOCDprobs
no it has surpassed that. it is spelled with que thique
Instead of the apple on the back its his face
First apple iphone 7 Antenna broke a month in now this one is having sound issues. Does Apple have unbuggy phone
Ill buy 1 when it can BTV my 172
you wanna hear the most dearborn sentence ever i got my financial refund check so i bought an apple watch
Mr Cook I saw it was an emotional Steve Jobs dedication it was hard for me holding back the tears....of Joy for you and the apple team.
Highlights from Apple s keynote event
Apple really got people sold on average products that look pretty yes I was a victim of this as well
Apple TVs 4K movie pricing is exactly what the 4K world needs
Public we want more battery life better features and a fair price. Apple  pay us 1k for talking emojis.
Top story Apple  Not Google Or Facebook Will Define The Future Of Augmented R
Apple s Watch 3 rolls out heart health and smart fitness fea.. 
Idk how Wells Fargo works but at Apple any check over 500 gets a hold in most cases
New apple releases are always uncomfortable but grow as you use them faster speed and better camera hard to pass up plus that screen
They got a new Apple Watch
Ten years on look how things have changed. This was when Apple still invited me to events. I wonder what Steve would think of the iPhone X 
just uploaded. Available soon on Spotify Apple  Google
Conversations like these make me have a giggle inside. I like reading hate comments they are so biased.
iPhone X is Apple s answer to Google Pixel. JustSayin TeamPixel
Why would yall make the X smaller than the 8 plus Im CALLING THE POLICE Apple
Once again Apple kinda disappoints the iPhone 8 looks just like my current phone...the iPhone X looks ok but idk about paying 1k for it
I could just have like a spoonful of apple cider vinegar right Like just swallow it
im a broke boy for not bending over for apple every time they release a product. thats cool
I liked a YouTube video
Top story Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Apple No home button means no buy for me. Not gonna lie most iPhone users could agree that the Touch ID is what they rely on. Read on
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
As gender diversity battles roil Silicon Valley Apple puts just one woman onstage
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
100 apple is slacking cant lie
The Apple Watch requires a phone because the cellular piggybacks on the phones number etc.
Yall be complaining that the new iPhones have no headphone jack. Shut up. Its an old piece of hardware Apple wasnt afraid to change.
Thanks but I have the public beta just wondering when the official release is
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
ME what if i dont want to have to recharge my headphones APPLE  it unlocks by looking at your face ME what if no APPLE  YOUR FACE
ANYTHING from Apple is overpriced and underpowered.
iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X What Apple changed 
Heres how Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the top Android smartphones AAPL
New image of the upcoming AssassinsCreedOrigins Figurines and Apple of Eden Replica by UbiCollectibles. Source
My iphone is literally dying and the 7 and 8 both suck. Why does apple suck.
RT SelfBeautii27  Of course my 7 started glitching this morning Apple
Who here didnt feel a pang of disappointment when Apple didnt announce Lee Harvey Oswald X resist TrumpRussia 25thAmendmentNow Twat
If Apple HQ made a cologne it would smell like rubber leather and wood. Also manure
John san aww thats too baaaaad I watched  Apple Event on pc in the midnight24am. So I overslept. So sorry Id like iphone X btw
Rshi refuses to eatclaiming 2 be angry wth Tanuja.she apologises but finds an apple makng her suspicious ektaravikapoor ColorsTV kasam 
Thankfully my bank has relieved me of the need to be concerned about whats required for Apple Pay.
Apple Mgr Lets push the update for iTunes that removes iOS Apps Apple Staff But what about updating the App Store MGR Nope.
You can trade them a ZJ
Heres the new Apple Watch software
SUPER OUTRAGED The new Animoji from Apple on the new iPhoneX do not have representation of the Kekistani people or their faith in . 
So Apple introduced Animoji which I can only assume are kids who were given the power to turn into Emoji by aliens.
Yeah if you embrace the controller the Apple TV is a winner. Plus the new one is basically an ipad pro. Horsepower matters.
Im tired of people freaking out about OMG new iphun feature when it has been around for years. Apple can fucking shove it. 
all i think about is jAY and apple when i see this tweet im
I like Apple products but I dont need a 1000 phone.
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
No thanks. Ill stick with my Android phone. Very reliable and tons cheaper.
Apple will sell 4K movies via iTunes and upgrade your HD purchases
Super glad Apple announced their new high end desktop workstation that uses industry standard graphics cards and peripherals today.
The red finish on the crown. The notch. What is happening Apple iPhoneX AppleWatchSeries3
See the Coke ad before the block 
Apple Launch Its Most Expensive iPhone X Face ID Detection
Apple s Watch 3 rolls out heart health and smart fitness features
 Galaxy S8 is 849. iPhone 8 is 799
The New iPhone has no home button Wow Apple  you really did impress me this time . . .
Apple s New IPhone Was Created For Augmented Reality  And Brands Should Pay Attention
Im honestly in love with you
actually what
Hey Apple Id love a stainless steel watch 3...but theyre lte only and not available in timcook pschiller AppleSupport
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
The new Apple TV gets a 4K HDR upgrade
Over here having a real life fit just because. Really if Apple was a person wed be shooting the one. Peon
Omg Dillon
Apple Is Releasing macOS High Sierra On September 25
Some of us got twins
Apple watchOS 4 with better heart rate monitoring arrives September 19
Then they got the new Apple Watch damn slow tf down apple Im tryna process everything
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
I remember when Samsung used to copy Apple and now apple doesnt just copy they legit just took the s8 downgraded it and are releasing it
AppNexus Rubi And PubMatic Form A Consortium Apple Ramps Up Its Devices
All of the strong smells at the Apple iPhone event
It looks like a andriod but its nice
I saw bits and pieces. I guess because Windows missed version 9 Apple decided to do the same. I just got a 7 too and am happy with it.
you should work for Apple
For me the star of the Apple keynote is Apple Watch with cellular function. Thats a real breakthrough.
Heres how Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the top Android smartphones AAPL
The new Apple Watch Series 3 has cellular builtin
Apple fanatics be like 
iPhone X  Introducing iPhone X  Apple 
I love Apple products but this man is going to convert me to Droid
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Halloween DIY Make a Hauntingly Good Mickey Ghost Apple
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
S911 AppleEvent  Apple Release New Product iPhone X
USBC is important to me I dont like proprietary connectors.
Saving up for the Apple Watch series 3 as of now
Apple agrees to use price tags in N.J. stores after state investigation. Read more
Neil you interrupted a guest today a bizzillion times. Your inconsiderate a bully know it all reredeemable deplorable very bad jerk
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Baseball tech Apple shows off new iPhone 8 augmented reality feature for MLB At Bat app  GeekWire
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event mashable  Whether the Apple Event knocked your socks
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone mashable  The 399 Apple Watch
2016 headphone jack 2017 touchid 2018 charging jack its courage all the way down from here. Apple AppleEvent iPhoneX
The poop animoji. Everything else was pretty dull. P.S. Black bezel with a white back Bad Apple  Boo
some of the selling points are irrelevant and unnecessary to todays standards. Make a good phone WITH a headphone jack. please. Android 4lif
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Oatmeal bath to stop the itching. Apple cider vinegar to stop the poison
Either way its clear that we have our own views so Im out. Great talk and I appreciate your reasoning.
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New iPhones and Watches
Apple releases iTunes 12.7 to the public with iOS 11 support simplified content types more
Do I need a dongle
uh let me think . . . . apple pie
Its funnyweird that Apple is namechecked in here only for 1 being a tech company and 2 being a victim of amazon practices.
Apple always has to be so extra. Just fucking give us unbreakable chargers already you fuckheads
what about if we want to charge and chat at the same time when we in bed
so yall tryna tell me if i fall asleep any random person can grab my phone put it up to my face and theyre in Apple
Apple Launches iPhone X With EdgeToEdge Display
Also got one from CNN in Apple News where I get everyones except NYT and ours which I have on through the apps 
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Bout to get myself an Apple Watch
Apple iPhone 8 iPhone X Watch unveiled As it happened  CBS News
If Apple had an SLR ... Id cop it. They know cameras
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Apple theres a reason no one buys Samsung products and yall literally just made a Samsung look alike
Watch Apple unveil the iPhone X Apple just unveiled the future of the iPhone the iPhone X. Read more
Video of the AR visitor center app for Apple Park. Made with UnrealEngine  lots of companies will do these sorts of UE4 ARKit apps
Say goodbye to a grand...if you are made of money
Meh looks good and all but not for me I guess 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Why did Apple release 8 and 10 but not 9 Cuz 7 8 9 iPhone8 iPhoneX
New York City NYC Manhattan Big Apple USA Gotham Borough HiDef Video wit...
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
apple  this new iPhone will unlock with your face also apple  
Spent hours creating the most 2 Chainz playlist in history all for the public to enjoy via Apple Music. Philanthropy
Bruh said dirty apple juice
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event Whether the Apple Event knocked your socks off thi
Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Ok Apple well done...its not just a camera looking at your image. Skin tone shouldnt matter here. Waiting for field tests. 
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone The 399 Apple Watch Series 3 is
Its kind of insane if you think about it. In the video he looks at his screen to pay. Apple Pay through Face ID.
Very interesting event and presentation.
Comparing the specs of Apple s iPhone X to top Android smartphones  Business Insider... 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Im not sure about this..... just my opinion
You were my cinnamon apple
mans lasts all day and imma heavy user so
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
How the fuck is Apple going to jump to the iPhone 10 and STILL not have group FaceTime I want answers.
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
I already was through with apple after the BUHSHIT they put me through but youve got me entirely fucked up if you think I got 1000
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
I liked a YouTube video
Heres a look inside Apple s new spaceship campus. PHOTOS
Thats what I asked Must be a special dedication in memory of....
Think You Wont Pay 1000 Apple s Prices Are Going Up Anyway
PickleFucker666 for just 1000 dollars you can enjoy the new Samsung display on the iPhone X..iPhoneX 34 presented by Apple
Ive known of plenty of iPhones that have caught fire it was just less known so try again
httpwww. bulkforsale.net 6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Apple reveal the iPhone X with no home button and facial scanning recognition Face ID to unlock the device.
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Why is everything I see look like Pablo Tour artwork 
bro Apple aint playing
Apple iPhone X first look
Hasnt every iPhone in the last 4 gens been trying to catch up to Samsung et al. Not many new ideas coming out of apple .
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Apple unveils redesigned 999 iPhone X
Apple uses Augmented Reality at its new center 
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Bezos the Banal does his best work in the shadows. Apple is the sun. His only sustenance is entropy.
Apple didnt take one man into consideration when they added FaceID 
Apple is now in the business of making its own mobile GPUs
africa tech Press were invited to an iPhone unveiling on Apple s new campus Tuesday marking the first day that
The one thing Ill give Apple credit for is depth perception  on most Android phones you can fool facial rec by holding up a photo .
That said take a drive and get the apple cider donuts at Battlefield Orchards.
i dont know anything about the new iphone but this seems like an opportune time to think about how apple is a douchey company
Not surprising considering the constant comparisons between Apple and cults.
africa tech From the Steve Jobs Theater on its brand new campus Apple unveiled a host of new gadgets on Tuesda
Apple is now in the business of making its own mobile GPUs
Heres how Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the top Android smartphones AAPL
still cannot find my Apple Watch. I am upsetti spaghetti.
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Designing for iPhone X  Fall 2017  Videos  Apple Developer
Apple Perkenalkan Apple Watch Series 3
Apple Watch Series 3 Debuts with Cellular Coverage
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Cool Ill make sure to pick one up 6 years from now
Yo Apple gotta chill with all these new products 
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Apple Animoji explained Heres how to use those animated emoji
At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
Apple reveals AirPower
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Damn. Thats sneaky and not cool Apple
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
iPhone X Watch updates and more Takeaways from Apple s latest product launch
httpwww. bulkforsale.net The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
1149 for a phone. LOL. Apple is high. The Oss are so close now.
Sky is Newest Game for iPhone iPad and Apple TV
Apple fans what do you think of the IphoneX  Curious to hear people who use iPhones thoughts on it
All of the strong smells at the Apple iPhone event It was a pungent affair.
Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple  Will a 1000 phone deliver a 1 trillion company
Apple will release macOS High Sierra on September 25th
Apple iPhone X preview The future of Apple smartphones
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Was excited to watch the Apple event this morning but it seems like its mainly a giant boring games advertisement. AppleEvent2017 Apple
Sure the new iPhone looks nice but nobody on that Mac train no more. apple
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Calling it now. Apple is trying to do away with the phone as we know it in its entirety.
Apple iPhone 5  16GB  White  Silver Sprint Smartphone
Mr if you been following this industry for the past few years youd know that Apple is the one company thats been playing catch up but ok..
Apple launches 999 iPhone X in bid to regain innovation lead
The 5 features that make the Apple Watch Series 3 the coolest version yet
New post 6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
iPhone X handson roundup Apple s big upgrade is a hit
New post The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Apple I think its expensive but people will still be buying it
Apple evokes Jobs as 1000 iPhone X other products unveiled
Apple pesto pizza at hacklab.to HackLab.TO
Im just saying wireless charging is like so 5yrs ago way to keep up apple .
New post Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Apple just convinced me to stay with iPhone and not ditch for Android  Business Insider
What happened to the iPhone 9
Designing for iPhone X  Fall 2017  Videos  Apple Developer
TouchID iswas a requirement for Apple Pay. Fuck trusting facial recognition for that.
What We Learned From Apple s Big iPhone X Event
A mini history of Apple products by sciencemuseum
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
Apple just convinced me to stay with iPhone and not ditch for Android  Business Insider
iPhone X iPhone 8 are real Watch our live reactions from Apple s event podcast  CNET
The 5 features that make the Apple Watch Series 3 the coolest version yet
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
With iPhone 8 and iPhone X Apple creates another tier of luxury
Social Media The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iphone
Today Apple announces new Iphone 8 8plus and X 10. They skipped 9 where is Iphone 9 D iPhoneNews
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Even an embarrassing glitch at iPhone X launch cant knock Apple off the top
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
Not super surprised at the new iPhone price. Apple sells overpriced stuff all day and will do so til people stop buying it.
Apple just convinced me to stay with iPhone and not ditch for Android
Edward Snowden offers mixed review on Apple s Face ID
Apple brings facetracking to ARKit on iPhone X
There are a lot of great tech out there but for me Apple has always been consistent. I really like my 7 probs wont get the 8. But the X
Lmbo
Apple Gotta let my phone recognise my face then Ill pay for my items. Struggles to find face due to low lighting or whatevr Read on
. Apple upgrades heart monitoring tech to flag arrhythmias adds new study w StanfordMed
. Apple upgrades heart monitoring tech to flag arrhythmias adds new study w StanfordMed
Apple just convinced me to stay with iPhone and not ditch for Android
Apple WHY THE FUCK ISNT THERE A ROSE GOLD IPHONE 8 or X THIS IS HOMOPHOBIA AT ITS FINEST
Ill grab that new Apple Watch
didnt apple just come out with the iphone 7 like two seconds ago
Still waiting for Apple to release a new iPhone.
I bought some apple stock right before the keynote announcement. So I appreciate the clowns.
Yup. Your customers will notice. Whats you plan now Apple iPhoneX research
and a series 3 Apple Watch so the series 2 price better go down
Too predictable. Youre either an Apple or Android fan at this point for the most out there.
On the day it unveils its iPhone X Apple s market cap stands at 830b. Will it become the globes 1st 1tn company
By joining the Navy you already answered that one yourself seaman
Fuck Apple dont make me do this
Suggested tagline for the iPhone X We took a Samsung S8 and gave it an Apple logo. ThinkPositive NotHating JustSaying
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
me whats the difference between iphone 7 and iphone 8 apple employee 
It just seems to me that theyre offering soft devices for poweruser prices.
I cant wait for bag of bones cheetos apple cider donuts and so much hot chocolateeeee. Oh yeah and the thanksmas season.
Apple are the biggest finessors of the world
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce
Anybody know if VZWSupport will offer the Apple Watch3 on the Device Payment Plan If so...it would be AMAZING AppleWatch Verizon
Officially convinced that apple doesnt listen to a fucking thing that their consumers say they want in a phone lol
same program same system. APPLE TRY TO IMPRESS ME BY MAKING THE PHONE FLY OR FIRE PROOF OR AN UNBREAKABLE PHONE.
Apple unveils iPhone X and were drooling
I liked a YouTube video
Everything You Need to Know About Apple s Newest iPhones
Might get a pair of AirPods if price drops though. apple
Apple Singapore store selling the 64GB for staggering....... 
apple Im an idenical twin... so does that mean I can now get into his IphoneX with no password
Takeaways from AppleEvent   X looks Im still waiting to see Face ID for myself  TodayAtApple  fav service Apple has brought out
Apple Announces a Range of Consumer Related Products Including The Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K iPhone 8 and 
 Apple Town Square Come on AppleEvent
Maybe after people saying Apple arent innovative theyve just started taking away features that we all use and classing that as innovation
I wouldnt spend 200 on an Apple phone.
How Apple TV 4K could outpace competition from Roku Amazon and more
Apple cuts price of iPhone SE to 349 for 32GB 449 for 128GB iPhoneSE iphone apple iphonex tech
I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple . I love Apple .
Ill take it off your hands if you dont want it anymore. 
Half of yall are bout to drop your life savings for this new iphone just so apple can come up with a better version 2 weeks later
This has to be a mistake. Can someone please tell me the last time an EXISTING Apple product went up in price Very unApple of them
Apple unveils 999 iPhone X with facial recognition
I want that Apple Watch 3 now that my Apple Watch broke But definitely not spending 500 or however much it is.
Throwback to the Big Apple
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Hello Apple  Can I have an Iphone X for free please 
yooooo in my room cutting the grass dirty apple juice
Man Apple lives for messing with the minds of their collective consumer base.
IphoneX is coming iphoneX iphone8 apple 
This ratio appeared in todays live event was talking about FACE ID. One of million people would have same FACE ID with yours.
Apple Watch finally lives up to Dick Tracys standards so maybe it will live up to expectations.
The OLED screens Apple is bragging about are bought from Samsung. Lol
Im really just confused as to why Apple had skipped out on the iPhone 2 and iPhone 9 
Meet iPhone X  Apple
27 hilarious Twitter reactions to todays Apple event
iPhoneX Control Center at top of large 5.8 screen suggests Apple has given up on onehanded use in flagship device. Adios reachability
my phone turned off then turned on . yall not slick Apple
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
I guess Apple has lost its innovative streak....
Apple I bet the charger is still like 3 inches long
You mindless iPhoneX insta apple fanbois look like a bunch of morons getting excited over crap thats already on phones half the price
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
I liked a YouTube video
apple getting out of hand with these iPhones
Heres everything you need to know about Apple s new iPhoneX 
Sorry timcook but Apple has just proved that they only make devices for the rich MiMix2
iPhone X  Apple
Apple bois becoming selfaware finally HAHAHHAHAHA
The iPhone 8 is the Apple phone for the rest of us
Lmfo iPhone X  Dumbest thing Ive ever seen Apple you guys are brutal out apple
Apple Watch Series 3 brings LTE and faster chipset
Apple Watch series three brings LTE and quicker chipset 
Apple Watch Series 3 brings LTE and faster chipset 
Everything Apple Announced Today in 5 Minutes
I dont know whos more pretentious people who work at Whole Foods or people who work at the Apple Store
A must read for Apple  iPhone8  iPhoneX  and iPhone fans
Apple is really out here releasing the iPhone 10 right after the 8 like fucc the 9 I guess
Sorry they are overrated. I was a Apple fan for a long time. I gave up on them. That and I dont approve of what they stand for
Holy cow. Apple is just smoke and mirrors nowadays.
Apple wasnt able to get the correct white color . They were having issues with it
Now playing brand NEW Ft. Modish Mogu Noor Ali  AJ SmokinAces Prod. By Modish Mogul by Vo Gang We on Google Play  Apple Store
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Check out Apple s new iPhone X Face recognition wireless charging  dual camera portrait mode isayyes phonegoals sayhellotothefuture
Do you guys think the contrast ratio for iPhone X 1000000  1 is wrong.
We all know that samsung had these features in 2012. stickingwithsamsungforever
I think this is a ridiculous worry. Because when has Apple released some new thing without accessibility considerations
Apple is still behind and running low on innovation
iPhone 7 Plus Case JETech SlimFit iPhone 7 Plus Case Cover with Self Stand for Apple iPhone 7..
Lol not dirty apple juice
Apple s just following the Mega Man numbering convention.
For those of us who didnt have time to sit through the full Apple livestream
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
I clicked on an Apple Survey email and this was in it Getting ready to cull ports from the iMac 
Was waiting for that 8 to drop so I can buy my 7 in peace. Not getting rich off of me Apple
Apple hasnt tweeted What is this then apple iPhone8 AppleWatch iphonex 
Wireless charging was one of the cool stuff from Apple today loved it 
Could not agree more
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
Come up
We visit Apple Park or a slice of it anyway. It oneupped iPhone X.
Why is the button on the side red  why couldnt they just make it match the color of the watch
Apple Advances Wearable Tech With the Apple Watch Series 3
Apple unveiled a new highend smartphone called the iPhone X and other products. Read our analysis of it all
You trippin trippin lol
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New iPhones and Watches
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
You can text payments via text now with apple pay
I liked a YouTube video
Written by yours truly Guarantee youll have these added to your Apple Music in no time
Will you buy an iPhoneX  AppleNews Apple
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple the iPhone 8 is not worth it due to the fact you dont get wireless headphones.
Untrustworthy Haha. Apple us using the same battery on the new phones
 Apple MFI Certified Apple 8 pin to 30 pin Adapter 30 Pin Adapter by Shoreline Solutions
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Which company would you rather work for Google Apple  Twitter or Facebook
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Why the iPhone X could be Apple s ultimate tech folly
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
No headphone jack 010 not interested in new Apple products. You could tell me the iPhone 8 and X will print gold wont change my mind.
WHAT THE FUCK this legit THEEE Galaxy S8 with an apple on it and one less MGP for the front camera.
The iPhone 8 is the Apple phone for the rest of us
Were excited about the larger Apple charging mat. Were not so excited about the need for some other things.
Apple reveals leap forward iPhone X technology
Apple s iPhone X is a walletbusting 1000  Engadget Today
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Really enjoyed the event
Apple  Amazon Google build futuristic campuses as business booms
TheJordenCook this is so cool
Apple CEO Pledges 2 Million to SPLC ProMuslim AntiChristian and ADL Attacks Trump NO IPhone 8 MAGA
Two hours more battery life Oh Apple . Youve promised this so many times I feel I need to go back to Alanon.
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Hot new product on Product Hunt Apple 4K TV  The 4K HDR era.
New Apple Watch Adds Cellular Carriers Ready to Charge You for It  ExtremeTech
I used to have android back during the S3
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves 
Apple knows there are no screenshots in the future
Apple Like are you honestly stupid who is gonna wanna go into a store and say to the shopkeeper just bare with me gotta... Read On
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
Its fun to see Samsung going the VR way while Apple goes the AR way.
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Apple MacBook Pro Core i72640M DualCore 2.8GHz 4GB 750GB DVDRW 13.3 Notebook
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Government Ok Apple  we got everyones fingerprints now. Can we get pictures of their faces now Apple  Say no more fam iPhone X Face ID
Says only you 
Theyre so pretentiousofc its apple  but yes the price
RT TheStreetTech Your face holds the key to Apple Pay on the iPhone X
Music Christ the Apple Tree. Not religious but the choir is beautiful. 219 Rare Song RT 
Heres a first look at the new Apple Watch no iPhone required
MissMelissa1904 I tried to make apple crisp and it turned out shit tonight. Please teach me your baking ways Ill bring booze
All the new products and features Apple announced today
Im still waiting for Apple hate from android users. Just block these ppl if theyre on ur tl
Ion care what yall say I WANT that new Apple Watch
Handson with Apple s new iPhone X Face ID and more Video
Yes but Apple are not Samsung are they. they have pretty drastically different philosophies.
Also apple pie oreos Ew.
Stoked Apple Watch 3 has an altimeter. Hopefully that means phone free trail runs with elevation cc Runkeeper 
Is It Worth Upgrading to the Apple Watch Series 3
IM WAITING TO SEE YOU MY BEAUTIFUL CINNAMON APPLE
I went apple picking over the weekend what should I make tomorrow
APPLE  WHY DO YOU KEEP REMOVING THE BLACK IPHONE COLORS WHAT IS SUPPOSED TO MATCH MY SOUL AND LUNGS
me in my Econ class knowing imma invest in apple and seeing all the head asses flock to the new iPhone and watch me reap the benefits 
Apple tried to show off Face ID and it was so embarrassing
No way no how 1k for a phone I buy a laptop first
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing 
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Apple event in 13min at
They call that exchange risk. Just like Apple care is a gouge.
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
For as much money as Apple has its extremely disappointing that they almost never introduce new features to the market
Apple s newest iPhone Live updates
Apple needs a hit iPhone  its delivered at least 50 percent of company revenue for the
Apple timcook Was told i only had to wait 71hrs thru IRMA and at the last hour it jumps to 14day. Called AppleSupport and got 0 help.
Did you know You can make apple crisp with a slow cooker Tip Dont forget the ice cream 
I need an Apple Watch series 3 and the iPhone X
Sure could use some apple giffys right about now lol
I thought you were using android The whole apple event was an big
I wont anymore at these exploitative prices
Cramer Remix Yes youll buy Apple s 1000 phone
LITechNews  Watch Apple s iPhone X event in 15 minutes Apple iPhone Video
Apple is crazy for this one... 
As gender diversity battles roil Silicon Valley Apple puts just one woman onstage
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Wait so Apple watches couldnt make calls until now
Lets organise a protest against the working conditions in Apple s factories on their town squares.
Just discovered a huge Apple Face ID security flaw 
Apple Pie Oreos reviewed
Whats going on with the phone Apple
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
Face unlock is less secure than passcode. So instead of keeping TouchID for more security Apple decided to ditch it.
Apple iPhone X Presentation Extended Highlights
Apple was so scared of the 9 in MacOS 9 they pulled a Microsoft and skipped from 8 to iPhone X.
Apple reveals the new iPhone X 
LITechNews  Apple unveiled the iPhone X  here are the best features of the 999 phone Apple iPhone
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Aye  Apple for 1000 I hope SIRI FUCKING
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Cant wait Apple AppleSupport timcook 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
biiiiii Im already in line 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
When did Apple stoped being innovative and started to copy Samsung but just slightly worse and a hull lot more pretentious
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. With dental implants you can keep enjoying your favorite foods and good...
Of course. Not that it matters since that is why Microsoft and Apple have a patent trust agreement between them. Is just amusing to me.
No one does packaging quite like Apple . Fact
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing 
Im selling my Apple iPhone 5s for 175. Click to buy it from 5miles app.
Apple Unveils Three New iPhones But The Watch Sends Shares Up
Apple needs to chill with the starting price of a phone being 999.....Im broke
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Apple Unveils Three New iPhones But The Watch Sends Shares Up
CETAR Apple Rilis iPhone X iPhone 8 8 Plus Apple TV 4K dan Apple Watch 3
Someone buy me an Apple Watch
THIS and that stupid apple cider vinegar one too 
The iPhone X is set for release on Nov. 3 well after the Apple s fiscal year closes at the end of September....
Is Apple watch 3 now the one to watch Check it out on verizon
Taekwondo Master Tries To Kick Apple But FAILS
Im still on the 6s  is it straight Apple
Apple claims that the glass on iPhone 8 and 8 plus are the hardest on a smartphone
Its official Health and not just wellness is Apple s future
omg I need the Apple Watch. Id leave my phone at home all day.
Sweet name you got there. You take inspiration from the Xbox One X
What the what
And here is Apple launching Galaxy S8i mean iPhoneX
All good points we wont know if its as good as Apple says until its tested.
Im supposed to be saving money but Apple just dropping shit left to right 
I just want that new Apple Watch
Study US wines contain more arsenic than apple juice milk rice syrup and other beverages. moderation wine
Apple unveils iPhone X Everything you need to know
Hey Apple  we factchecked your iPhone X event for you. Youre welcome.
TECH Apple iPhone X revealed infographic
Hoping its due to older receiver otherwise directv has the SLOWEST form of ondemand. Thank goodness for Apple TV tbs app.
No because that would be optional. It could still retain the same easy software and be just fine.
Meet iPhone X  Apple 
Apple needs a hit iPhone  its delivered at least 50 percent of company revenue for the
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
An Apple event is a distinct kind of TV special an extended commercial that people watch willingly.
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
I see Apple has made people MadOnline
The world needs ANIMOJI. Thank you Apple 
Gives you the biggest Indianapolis head of the century
Apple Unveils iPhone X and 8 Models as It Upgrades TV SetTop Box
Apple Unveils IPhone X With New Display as Rivals Grow  Bloomberg
Face ID doesnt work with JohnCena how do you solve that Apple 
Apple Announced Watch Series 3 With Cellular AppleEvent2017 AppleEvent
Easy as soon as ios11 drops your phone now will stop working. Thats how Apple operates.
Ugh its beautiful I hate apple for doing this
Apple crap Overpriced hardware and over rated company
Watch Apple s iPhone X and iPhone 8 event in just 15 minutes
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
For the keynote
Is a keyboard being added to this 
I swear every time I upgrade Apple makes a new phone
apple new iPhone is amazing Well done.
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Yh apple are wrong My brand new phone is moving slow. Theres nothing on it. About 20 pics and a few apps. Its a 32gb device WTF
Heres how Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the top Android smartphones AAPL
honestly i want the new series 3 apple watch more than i want the new iphonex
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
2 more hours of all day battery life So today Apple have invented Wireless Charging Cellular Smartwatch Facial Recognition New Day 
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New iPhones and Watches
Thats cause apple is always shit
Sooo the series 3 Apple watch is actually thicker even the GPS only version
7 off this new case by ANoelleJay iphone8 iPhone8Plus apple
Discrimination isnt funny Apple everyone deserves the iphonex
Apple iPhone SESpecial Edition
The same as windows 9. The iPhone 7 8 it. Lol Im done here. Hows the recovery from HurricaneIrmaAftermath
Watching the Apple keynote address.
Every apple product ever
Apple releases iTunes 12.7 to the public with iOS 11 support simplified content types more
Apple havent won me over yet with the Apple Watch.
Apple s Real Hit Isnt the iPhone X but the New Apple Watch
Cheers to the phone i cant have but i really love it. Apple AppleNews
Looks like Im getting an Apple Watch
Amo muchisimo esta op On My MiND de Mrs. GREEN APPLE
Hmmmm HIIT into apple watch.
toreyvanoot it may be allergy season. Have tried apple cider vinegar wo success
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New iPhones and Watches
AppleEvent2017 AppleEvent What is the REAL difference between iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 Apple employee 
Congrats to the Apple Fanboysand girls for catching up to what Ive had for over a year.
Is there something about 9 for product names that scare people off Both Apple and Microsoft have skipped it on their biggest products now.
Wherever I go Burnley  London  Barcelona I smash one. Meeeehhhhhhh
via iPhone X  Apple 
Same .. apple is marketing genius.. whenever you see it you feel like u want it now 
No Adobe Photoshop CC Not worth the price of a computer
ion knowwww 
Im worried about this facial recognition. what are you up to apple 
By following their core values it is not a option for them. Its as simple as that. They dont do it because it contradicts their company.
I like my series 2 more tbh
Apple kicked off its big iPhone event with a touching tribute to Steve Jobs We can
Asia preorder dates prices for the iPhone X iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3
PSA MY NEW SINGLE SPLASH IS NOW OUT ON APPLE MUSIC I NEED EVERYBODY GO DOWNLOAD THAT ASAP NoLosses
timcook WOW Unbelievable iPadpro cost more now. Im starting 2 think of never buying apple products again
STOP MAKING ME CRY APPLE
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Big announcement today blah blah blah animated poo emoji... blah blah blah
Apple is a big joke
Gold Master iOS 11 has been released public version will be out sept 19 update if you can ios ios11 apple iphone7plus iphone7 iphone 
912 First look at the chassis for both new replacement brush units. These were purchased from Apple Ford in...
The Internet Is Going Nuts Over Apple s New iPhonehttpihe.artjPZ0iT6
Im just going to reply to every Apple fanboy with this link for the rest of my life. I dont have Apple stuff but I do love this article.
It took like a few seconds after the announcement of each feature to see some new theory about apple .
As in way overpriced and overhyped Fair enough.
This week in allergy fun swelling  hives after touching an opened bag of apple pie oreos.
Apple Just gonna highlights the IPhone X is probably the worse idea of a smartphone ever.. this is down to no TOUCH ID Read on
When the 7 eat 9 joke goes too far and apple just skips 9 AppleEvent Iphone10 yeniiphone Apple
Unlock your phone with your face Ive just watched Steven unlock his S6 with his nose. Your move Apple .
Apple Is Releasing macOS High Sierra On September 25
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
Lmao youre right lol all Im saying tho is apple bopped tf out of the s8 for their iPhone x model thats it lmao
Are we just gonna pretend Apple didnt skip the iPhone 9
Why the Iphone X could be Apple s Ultimate Tech Folly More here 
Arya Stark is coming be careful Apple got 
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
On a samsung phone
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
If you didnt see today as the single most important announcement in Apple s history you werent paying attention. Animoji will be HUGE.
New post Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus new wireless charging has been published on Leggings ... 
Thank you but NO THANK YOU. Well stick with phone companies that stay out of politics. politics liberalagenda breaking news phones
Apple absolute expression
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
Can you imagine what Apple has planned for the next few years  Like all of these ideas were probably planned in 2012
Apple launches new iPhones slashes prices of older devices
The 5 features that make the Apple Watch Series 3 the coolest version yet
Apple unveils iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus with wireless charging
The latest The Florida Pirate Party Daily
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Just waiting for the new crime wave in Apple iPhones. Plus of coursethe odd murder. Good luck afficianados  You may need it.
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Just drives me insane though. Any video about Apple or Samsung you have some crazy fanboy going They copied insert name 111
Apple calling its stores town squares is a pretentious farce  The Verge
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple s Real Hit Isnt the iPhone X but the New Apple Watch
Critics Notebook At the Apple Keynote Selling Us a Better Vision of Ourselves Apple s annual program is an odd 
Watch Apple s iPhone X event in 15 minutes
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
All those things Samsung has had for 4 yrs that Apple wants you to believe are brand new.
Hurricane Irma North Korea Apple  Your Tuesday Evening Briefing Heres what you need to know at the end of the d
Check this out kjferg87
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Apple needs to stop making new IPhones every year. Like shit let me enjoy my jet black 7 for at least 3 years. Yall tryna get me broke
Theyre just trying to recall those early days of Apple when Jobs insisted he had no need to shower because he was a vegan.
What no more home button AppleEvent2017  Apple 
Apple Unveils iPhone X Plus New Headquarters Retail Layout Much More
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple iPad Mini
TechCrunch Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Damn apple is late in the game Samsung beat them to it. And now theyre copying Samsung lol
Apple Introduces Revamped 59 Siri Remote With More Prominent Menu Button  Mac Rumors
claytonstevo time
Apple s stocks crashed when the face recognition failed at the key note
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
Best iPhone step up in years ... for long Apple have been to far behind in the industry compared to other...
I just mentioned U2. A daughter said you mean Apple baby people
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
Just bought an ipad pro and apple pencil for school
Thoughts on the New Apple TV 4K and Whats Next  The Mac Observer
PS this is why Apple waits to update tech...rather than running to release it say they were 1st they hammer out the issues THEN release.
All time popular Apple Pie but in a Jar  Nobake nofuss with these buttery syrupy spicy desser
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
I have face id
Apple iPhone X event in 15 minutes
Apple are really clutching at straws arent they..
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Facial ID as the password apple reslly tryna increase the hack rate hell no
Wait...I meant to say....BAAAAAHHH BAAHH
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
My dad starts Christmas shopping like super early so today I texted him I wanted Apple TV and well..... 
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Just saw someone walking across campus eating a heart of romaine like an apple ...
Dear Apple  please stop using Lightning connectors. Would love your response
THANK GOD THEY DIDNT PUSH THROUGH WITH THAT RIDICULOUS VERTICAL CAMERA HALLELUJAH APPLE
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Why did Apple skip the iphone 9 Because 7 8 9
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple iPhone X review Hands on with the future of smartphones
Mashable 6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
I feel compelled to buy a new iPhone and Apple Watch now. Thanks to Apple and their illuminati ways.
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
From
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Is Apple giving us free extra bandwidth for this stupidity
Face ID What is Apple Face ID and how does it work
MAKE SURE YOU GET THE APPLE AIRPORT EXTREME IF YOU HAVE NOT ALREADY JoelSGilbert
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Hey Apple users. Have had S8 w no home button giant screen tons of camera features since Oct 16. But welcome to the future copycat
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Apple releases iTunes 12.7 to the public with iOS 11 support simplified content types more
Whenever I feel bad about spending too much I just think of things I didnt buy. Like I never got an Apple Watch..so thats something.
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
The new Apple Watch with LTE connectivity wont get you out of buying an iPhone
Not worth the price  Im going with a Galaxy next time I need a phone.
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Im not claiming anything about the displays Im simply stating what Apple said because there seems to have been some misconceptions.
iPhone X  Introducing iPhone X  Apple
Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
6 songs that had your head bopping during the big Apple Event
Factchecking Apple s iPhone X event
TMobile just got burned by Apple and the iPhone X
No I often eat apples with skins on but I dont eat the peeled off stuff..some of the apple skins have strange spots but inside looks good.
Caramel crown royal with the apple crown royal
......if the doctor is pretty keep the apple away  old saying from subry2000
Only one
lil candy apple D
Silver or Black  iphoneX Apple . . Wait for it....
 Apple  Singapore  kltu  China  ParkShinHye 2017914 0753 08 trndnl
if u hate running as much as i do then i highly recommend watching taylor swifts 1989 live tour on apple music. great music and distraction
They trolling you sis Apple
Entitled apple from entitled tree
 Apple  ACL2017  White House  Champions League  Myanmar 2017914 0758 08 trndnl
The closest they probably came to reading it was watching the Apple 1984 commercial on YouTube.
Excited for Apple s ARKit and Googles ARCore  and beyond. Check out comogard s nextlevel thoughts on AR Cloud
Speaking of Apple pies
Apple Updates Its Watch Unleashes It From iPhone
 AmericanAssassin  Apple Watch Series 3  Samsung  FULL EP  China 2017914 0653 07 trndnl
Exactly. People would ALSO be complaining about this being lazy if it is what Apple released. Design risks dont win if you dont try them.
Youd think for 999 Apple would at least put back the headphone jack on the iPhone..
I turn off any show giving Apple FREE marketing They stash 200B cash abroad export jobs earn aprox 9B Qtr bc they STEAL from us Tucker
Ive eatin so many apple slices today
2003 An apple a day keeps the doctor away 2017 Try this green tea and avocado infused kombucha to improve your immune system
Unless this service comes FOR FREE wit that overpriced analog device its not worth buying. OnBaby
I know Crazy 8 is a actual game. But why couldnt Apple just be normal  name the game Uno. I went on a wild goose chase looking for it
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
I just want apple pie
Apple Unveils iPhone X and 8 Models as It Upgrades TV SetTop Box via nytimes
How Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the top Android smartphones 
The next step in the quest to exit the Apple universe... Spotify
More to it. Both parties knew FBI could break encryption FBI just hoped to get a verdict on the books. Apple s public stance was necessity
Our first trip to Apple s spaceship campus  CNET
Apple key
Requires attention as well. Apple claims false positive rate is 11000000.
russdiemon wtf is this fake shit on your apple music page 
Apple Music will forever be the best purchase
Ali eat apple
Apple iPhone X Face ID Summons the Demon
RT HeyWTFA RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
I was gone make a playlist like that one called Imma Call ya house phone but Apple did they shiitttt on that one
hb really gonna be out here taking shots at playlist while i take shots of apple juice
thats really what the commercials should be telling you. how do i convince my parent or boss this is worth fuckin 1000 Apple
Can Fitbit Survive Apple In The War For Your Wrist
tech2s Wanting Past Apple s IPhone X Hype To Companies  The Ecosystem ......For More
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
kustoo hey wouldnt it been dope if Apple announced a way to do multiple FaceTime chat
. settern details the differences between Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular and GPSonly. Guess What Theres a lot
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
apple has not give me 1 reason that a phone scanning my face is more efficient or beneficial than just touch id or typing in a passcode.
Idea nationwide protest we have picnics in every Apple store in the u.s. at the same time. With blankets and all. Bc theyre town squares.
Apple dont know that 
spotify never lets me confirm that i am a student this why i went to apple music Spotify confirm me or ill buy apple music again
businessinsider Apple announced an iPhone 8 and iPhone X  here are the most important differences 
SHE HAD THEM APPLE BOTTOM JEANS BOOTS WITH THE FUR THE WHOLE CLUB WAS LOOKIN AT HER
LOL. This is why Im not buying iPhone X. Left dumb rabbit phone Right a proper design apple 
Can someone PLEASE make it illegal for apple to force their users to update to newer systems andor models immmediately That shit isnt cool
Is it just me or did Apple skip a number. Are you taking after Microsoft Revenge for them stealing your code. Is this your master plan
Apple Event Reveals iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X
Apple iPhone X Face ID Summons the Demon
Also I seen Apple Pie oreos today why havent they made the strawberry cream ones yet Thats literally all we asked for not all this extra
Is Apple magical Because this is clearly a tweet but they have no tweets interesting 
WHAT THE FIRETRUCK SHOULD I MIGRATE TO APPLE NOW..................................
Fitbit suck.
I liked a YouTube video
Are the HERO wireless earbuds from WinnerGear a great alternative to the Apple AirPods Check out my review
Your Mac Life 1148 for September 13th 2017 Tonight  Dalrymple Apple Event Lowepro and photo critiques
PlayStation Pro and Apple TV about to force me to get one
I liked a YouTube video
so will apple s FaceID be able to distinguish between DeepDrumpf and realDonaldTrump 
i....i dont know....what if kids want this with the price point might as well get them an apple watch....wtf....
Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget
Apple Iphone 7  32gb  Rose Gold sprint Smartp .. 465.0  76bids ebay deals 
Could Cellular Drive Apple Watches To Higher Share Of Revenue
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple s New Watch Puts Swatch Stock Through the Wringer
Were hoping pretty soon. Apple is being kind of difficult at the moment
Dont no how to bro
Apple Family... Are you going the iPhone 8 or X
Apple TV 4K and Apple Watch Series 3 Steal the Show
I really doubt Apple would charge more than the U.S. do they get summer break
Apple Watch Series 3 handson review
Apple aint that great yall are brand hoes
Follow me on Apple Music
Apple Watch Series 3 sans voice calling feature will be launched in India
Im going after the iphone X
Cottage cheese is dreadful and you know it. Except perhaps with apple butter...
Hey Guys Fancy Chat Wednesday Here Apple Pay and Samsung Pay is becoming more popular.
Apple nope.
Neat photo essay by Dan Frommer What its like to attend Apple s iPhone X event
If you love me get me the new Apple Watch 3 and the new iPhone 8
The new Apple Watch works without a phone 
Spotify  Apple Music
Sooo... is the only difference is that you can be connected without being by your iPhone
Ive held out till gen 3 of the apple watch going to take the plunge and buy one for myself during the holidays
Ha Pretty sure those 70 will cave at some point
Talks to smart attractive guy on plane. Guy orders an apple juice. gives up on men crewlife
Apple low key is getting a profile on us 1st our fingerprint now our face... dont commit a crime and own an iPhone u r busted already
Anyway to reset your iCloud music library without going on computer Want to start over again Apple Music
These have been through a damn sweeper and they still work good job Apple . 
Black LCD DisplayTouch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement for iPhone 5S OEM Apple iPhone5s eBay
Its got a dope camera that everyone stopped giving a f about 3 iPhones ago...and we took home button off to match the S8  Apple
Bornfire app by Facebook shows up in Apple App Store  Gadgets Now
So proud of emmablackery  Shes come so far With the book the Apple thing its all so cool I love seeing how far shes grown 
The culmination of Steve Jobs vision Parody video rips Apple s overpriced Emoji Machine
Apple s Best Product Is Its Media Strategy
Check out APPLE COMPUTERS STEVE JOBS KEYCHAIN CAR KEY RING LIGHT LOW SHIPPING LQQK
 yall went from weather man to Chicago P.D to an Apple Store employee 
Haha  mashable  Youtuber pokes fun at Apple s brand new expensive 1000 Emoji Machine
My bestfriend sent me the link Apple had to download it I dont have it anymore but if you look it up it should be something on
Handson with the new 999 Apple iPhone X Apple usually releases one new phone model a year  this year they rel...
That will be turnover of 30 of the phones in their ecosystem in less than a year. Once touched that number rises.
Apple Wireless carriers are quick to duke it out. Read more
i will switch to android before gettin a phone that scans my face. Apple off some invasion of the body snatchers shit idc this is sus
I liked a YouTube video
And Apple thinks they are creating technology standards for the next decade.
Lets get him some then. Maybe Ill like it better than apple 
Youtuber pokes fun at Apple s brand new expensive 1000 Emoji Machine
Apple really got the nerve to charge a months rent for a phone
httpwww. bulkforsale.net Explainer How Apple s AirPower Qi wireless charging mat works
its embarrassing watching Apple continue to tout new tech on their phones Samsung has had for years.
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  128GB  Rose Gold ATT Smartphone A1634
Bruh. I got em. And I LOVE THEM Hands down best purchase. EVER.
Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone 7
Damn you apple 
my iPhone isnt updating Apple
Our visit to Apple Parks spaceship campus for iPhone event CNET
Disappointing New iPhones Reveal A Scared And Greedy Apple
Apple says delay in Athenry data centre could jeopardise project
The Apple Watch Series 3 will transform a lot of workouts
Apple should have gone with something similar to Samsung.
Apple announced an iPhone 8 and iPhone X  here are the most important differences 
 ChiefLander  Apple  Samsung could present the same phone and Apple would would outsell them 10x. Brand hoes
 Apple releases iOS 10.3.3 macOS Sierra 10.12.6 and watchOS 3.2.3 updates
I have a lot of apple devices as well. But I will use my phone until it isnt supported anymore I dont just have 1000
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
Mashable Tech Youtuber pokes fun at Apple s brand new expensive 1000 Emoji Machine
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
iPhone X Vs. Galaxy S8 How Do Apple  Samsungs Newest Models Compare 
Apple Releases a New Siri Apple TV Remote What are the Accessibility Implications was unpaid. If you can donat 
Straight up pulled thru like Apple support yes I do have storage smh phone acting crazy
What I hear you saying is that Apple uglied my website.
What dumbass at apple came up with the idea for this gif
When you buy an apple product its really for IOS imo. So you get upgrades Vs youre previous IOS device
Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget
On some real shit apple yall really out of pocket I feel like I just got my phone yall be out here tryna rob ppl of their money
Apple Macbook Air A1369 Mid2011 13.3 intel Core i7 1.8ghz 4GB RAM NO HDD SSD
Could Cellular Drive Apple Watches To Higher Share Of Revenue
Apple s New Watch Puts Swatch Stock Through the Wringer
Apple TV 4K and Apple Watch Series 3 Steal the Show
Apple Watch Series 3 handson review
Apple Watch Series 3 sans voice calling feature will be launched in India
Apple  About Those HomePod Firmware Revelations
Apple  For Those of you who are Apple Lovers like me. Here is a great one. Apple Fidget 
IamLiamCarson you really dont want it
My phone has turned off 4 times today saying that I have no battery when i have 70 Its like Apple is releasing a new phone or something
Yes and Apple TV 4K
Apple s new iPhone has face recognition fail CNN
Why would anyone buy an overpriced underspecd Apple phone Oh Wait Theyve been sucked into the Apple marketing machine
Delusions Bonus Version by First Choice on Apple Music
Wow u mustve had a lot of time on ya hands  Im hating doe cause I dont have Apple Music
Apple might be right to undersell augmented reality
When u split an Apple Watch cost w Josh n end up deciding to return it tomorrow bc its useless
Apple s security matters here. Because of the secure enclave face data cannot be extrapolated nor exfiltrated.
This Could Be Why Apple s iPhone X Wont Ship Until November
Just looked up the definition of transsexual  transgender in Apple s Dictionary app.
Do I give in and get this new phone or remind myself that Apple has now robbed me of the fact that my phone and laptop match....
Heres Everything Apple Announced Yesterday
i still have a iphone 6 
Q9 apple crisp tastes so much better with local apples IEatLocal
Apple Event 2017 iPhones  More Products
Apple s New Watch Aims Straight at Garmin Garmins watch business could be in trouble
simplystacienet I am gonna make a cheesecake with fresh apples from my backyard tomorrow. Apple caramel IEatLocal so excited
This Could Be Why Apple s iPhone X Wont Ship Until November Thanks Finisar  This is a
LoL Seeking Better Quality Accessories And Integrations To Avoid Lost  Stolen Bits  Pieces Of Our Precious Tech Serenity Investments
Apple real life copied the new galaxy lol
Apple  For Those of you who are Apple Lovers like me. Here is a great one. Apple Fidget 
With Town Squares Apple perfectly captures the problem the internet poses to democracy alexismadrigal writes
What you should know about privacy and Apple s FaceID on iOS 11
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple announced a lot yesterdayheres everything you need to know
Dont Buy a Qi Charger At the Apple Store
Snapple what would i have to do to get a lifetime supply of Snapple Apple 
Blakes Hard Cider Company Apple Ale is on replacing Paddle Hard Paddlers Pilsner  PaddleHardBrew 
Get an Android you wont have that problem
Some iPad Pros cost 50 more today as Apple quietly ups prices
Heres why youre going to want the new Apple iPhone
me kyung chanyeol I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME. YOU WAS MY BABY. MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE
Rub apple cider vinegar on that mf itll clear it up one time facts
I know there are other devices that use lightning like Apple TV remote Magic Mouse and so on
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus  RED  256GB  Verizon Smartphone FACTORY UNLOCKED win 
Apple is pretty admirable in some disgusting ways
She is the WORST Apple doesnt fall far...
Dm me the link bro I got you
I heard iphoneX got portrait selfies throws cash to apple
yeah you have to repeatedly purchase adapters and charging cables for the lifetime of your phone. thats the apple difference.
Chipotle is the Apple of TexMex chains except no one sees what you ate for lunch after you throw away the bag so its not a status symbol.
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
sprint please tell me the Apple iPhone8 will be able to talk and surf the web at the same time without WiFi ATT verizon
How can they make Jerry without an apple 
Apple to my pie straw to my berry Ganern Hahahaha
Fuck Apple
Checkout mappingmegan  Photo of the Day  Apple Harvest In Yakima Washington
I definitely used to like apple pies got old. eh sweets are not my favorite.
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
How the Apple TV 4K Will Beat Its Toughest Competitors
Group including Apple signs Letter of Intent to purchase Toshibas memory chip business
Apple is the illuminati its confirmed
Android for AR and for PC Acer has a really good headset coming out.
Steve Jobs was obsessed with symmetrical design  Apple has launched products moving away from that. Please dont mention him again.
Apple Pie
The iPhone X Apple s Ideology of American TechnoExceptionalism
I swear Apple is behind Samsung when it comes to design
Zoe watches every move Ross makes while he eats his apple . She knows he always gives her the
Jim Cramer looks into Wall Streets debate around Apple to make a point about why investors should own it not trade
Bet it still works only on one.
Cuz you do
Apple paid Samsung to make their new screen djnasty305 radiobigmack 99JAMZ
Apple s new iPhone and retail town centers mark the companys ascendance to empire ibogost writes
I liked a YouTube video
Down On Apple s Farm With The Rest Of The Press
I think Apple should have done a recap of the secure enclave explainer video they did when they introd TouchID
I dont understand why apple released 3 iphone at the same time
Will design and will win that Apple Design Competition. Haha
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
This is the first Apple Watch that Ive actually been interested in owning.
Apple Is Forgetting the Common Man with Its New Products via LifeZette
Apple s new animojis are designed to give you iPhone X FOMO
Its a pumpkin chili  hard apple cider kind of night
Caramel Apple dreams 3 3 jessinkitchen 
I want an Apple Watch now
Theres will be launching of the new apple currency
so to suppprt an 1800 phone you need an 118000 car When will Apple think if the millennials. iphoneX iphone8
Expecting Revolutionary Innovation From Apple s Reveal Event Youre Missing the Point.
New post added at
Because vulnerabilities never happen and are never exploited...Granted Apple is better than most.
FXNetworks yo your app is crashing on me on Roku and Apple TV in the middle of my AHS episode pleasehelp
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus  RED  256GB  Verizon Smartphone FACTORY UNLOCKED 815.00 via eBay
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone 370.00 via eBay
So next year following Apple tradition and Apple innovation they will follow up with iPhone 9...
Honestly I just gave up on my iPhone and did a factory reset. apple wtf
Apple cider
for the lulz obviously I mean who would believe a talking snake tricked you into eating an apple
Supposed to say propers but clearly theyre arent any black coders at apple autocorrect
that is VERY lame. You can fetch 300 easy on Facebook marketplace
i wnt a new apple watch now
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. White House fibber Sarah Huckabee Sanders is every bit as deluded as her old man. 
Apple Altamonte just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
I wanna Apple Watch
Just use the standard version no cellular on that model and its cheaper
ErinOprea I added an apple to the beet juice which makes it so much easier to drink 
Drinking an Apple Harvest Ale by OakandDagger at acesalehouse 
These charts show the critical juncture Apple faces in releasing the next iPhone alexismadrigal writes
Nigga Apple been workin with the feds. A long time ago.
Apple do your magic
I dont think thatbthe new iphone is going to change our minds with the phone technology but apple in 21 years will completly change the
apple has the largest database of fingerprints in the world now it will have the largest database of faces
Will be giving APPLE some more money.. iPhoneX
Apple crazy af
What happened with the Apple Face ID fail
APPLE MACBOOK AIR 11 2014 i5 1.4GHz4GB128GBMD711LLB MacBookAir61 A1465
Apple Tree Tracing Page and More Apple Theme Learning Activities ece picturebooks vbcforkids
What it was like to attend Apple s keynote at the Steve Jobs Theater.
Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget  I want one
New post Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Do you want to have crown caramel apple cider with us
theta apple pie
Himax Can Shine as Android Copies Apple s Augmented Reality Says Northland  Barrons
The guys talk first week of the NFL season and a sadistic haunted house. Also available on Apple Podcasts.
MONSTASQUADD Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apart from the faceid. Apple brought some cool things with AR talking emoji. Thats cool.
U.S. Senator Raises Questions About Security and Privacy of Face ID
Group including Apple signs Letter of Intent to purchase Toshibas memory chip business
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
BREAKING Apple shared news about integration of the Apple Watch and Dexcom CGM. Watch the video from the keynote.
Everyones Talking About Angela Ahrendts Apple Conference Style  Grazia
Carriers to Charge 10 More a Month to Connect New Apple Watch 
Group including Apple signs Letter of Intent to purchase Toshibas memory chip business
Disappointing New iPhones Reveal A Scared And Greedy Apple
Strato Can Fitbit Survive Apple In The War For Your Wrist
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
Hosted By MFrazz Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Bornfire app by Facebook shows up in Apple App Store  Gadgets Now
A visit to Apple Park
Tech News Pornhub stats reveal Apple fans went nuts for the iPhone X
Bornfire app by Facebook shows up in Apple App Store  Gadgets Now
BreakingNews Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
In two hours JustinSeeley and I will be breaking down yesterdays Apple Event. Join us live
Toll House Caramel Apple Spice cookies.. If you dont know now ya know.
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
Photo of the Day  Apple Harvest In Yakima Washington
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple purposely makes android users quality look horrible
The Apple iPhone X will stand for exclusive
Neural Network running on a Neural Machine with Chio Bionics from the dot laser emitter. A paraphrased quote from the apple presentation
The only thing Im being insensitive to is blaming Apple because you misplaced your adaptor.
Hey Apple  Ive been paying with my face for years. Its called being super hot. Ever try it nerds lmao
Its Apple . Avoid like the plague. Give me Android over Apple any day.
Drilloskihs Need That Forrest Gump On Apple Music
 Apple s iPhone X Was So Uninspiring That I See No Reason NOT to Hate the Stock Two Minutes Hate.
One more thing... apple wwdc2017 pornoEP Los Angeles California
Apple cider vinegar waist trainer  daily exercises
How Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the iPhone 7
Do you still have the dongle Seriously might still be in the box.
That happened with iPhones not Android you  anyway you obviously know iPhone is inferior or you wouldnt be constantly defending it
Apple  Needham Likes iPhone Pricing as Competitive Tool As mentioned earlier j...
Did Apple skip the iPhone 9 because... 7... ate nine
reminder that no one sees u or your acne as badly as u do. and also that eating a red apple in public makes u look like a supervillain
so no payments option on the Apple Watch Have to buy right out
The thing is that Apple  the kings of notugly have done an ugly. This seems fixable which makes it worse
I doubt I would ever buy an Apple watch cause I love my watches too much
Retweeted CONCEPT  ConceptGrp  Apple unveils new flagship iPhone X Apple iPhone8 iPhoneX ...
How Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the iPhone 7
Apple support is a piece of shit Im going back to Samsung
Youre giving everyone ideas...
You need more proof 
I liked a YouTube video
Ew. Thats mush an apple pie
A phone that is 10x better than any apple phone.
Apple
According to one of the popular YouTuber Apple forget to put LED notification in new iPhone. My question is have they ever done before
Why is Apple doing this
With the iPhone X you can now pay for things using it a 1000 credit card. Welp Apple made another iShit and charged a grand for it
iPhone X and iPhone 8 Specs Price Availability
If i recall correctly apple was on the side of its users when the fbi tried to force them to unlock a terrorists phone and they refused.
Apple announced its working with the FDA and Stanford to assess if the Apple Watch can detect atrial fibrillation
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Someone want to go apple picking with me tomorrow Ive done nothing on my vacation and want to be basic
I see the apple logo
I just spent 20 mins lookin for my apple watch while its on my wrist
YEAH UHM NO THANKS APPLE I ALREADY PAID U ENOUGH FOR THIS SHIT AND I CANT EVEN SHUT OFF MY STORAGE NOTIFICATIONS OKAY
A  Oh sorry apple ...this is an apple ...
Apple  Wait did you think we were gonna make a new phone with 3 way FaceTime Well youre wrong. Never judge a book by its cover.
i really want the new apple watch
Yeah no Apple . Im not paying you a thousand bucks for what is basically a phone upgrade. getreal
U.S. Senator Raises Questions About Security and Privacy of Face ID
Apple iPhone 8
Many people I talked to see more value in the Iphone8Cellular Watch1200 than IphoneX 999. Master stroke by Apple 
Apple iPhone 8 Plus
Our new PPD ACT Apple Watch study is now recruiting You may be eligible if you  Gave birth less than 3 months...
Apple you have really out done yourself
Apple s iPhone Philosophy Not First But Best
All the apple employees are really cool and nice
Now since its the day after the Apple keynote which phone are you getting If not why
Apple iPhone X
Just pointless features across the board. No need for a watch either. Apple just brainwashing you into thinking your life would be easier
Iphone X shipping delay may dampen Apple s holiday quarter
When can we get a Tesla phone Im sick of the Apple  Google bullshit.
All of these people saying Samsung did it first apple sucks blah blah blah... okay Just dont buy the products then 
Facial recognition to unlock a phone is stupid. Apple hasnt had an original idea in 10 years.
Essex singer Emma Blackery in shock as her EP is used at Apple s global iPhone launch
GET NIKKI AWAY FROM THE APPLE PIES
Ayyye my YouTube is beau McGuire only realy made a couple skits tho
kellyclarkson I wish Apple Music would let me download The Cry Inside. It is beautiful and flawless. Brings tears to my eyes.
Thanks but I dont think Ill be getting the new one I would really like the iPhone x its just too expensive for me
fast charger apple introduce tu dalam charger category apa wireless or wired kalau wireless no fucking way
Apple Has Gone Nuts. Im Not Dropping A Mortgage On A Phone
. amazon and Apple have their sights set on the martiniswigging super spy
V. smart piece by Mat showing how Apple s best product is the actual announcement of its products.
IPHONE X CLAN STAN MONSTA X
AppleEvent2017 Apple cant wait for the future powerful IphoneXXX
Apple Explains How Its Making Siri Smart Without Endangering User Privacy
Apple suppliers shares hit by delayed iPhone X  Financial Times
I find these situations comical
Apple Gives iTunes a Scrub Removes App Store and Adds Social to Apple Music
The most flavorful apple crisp youve ever eaten glutenfree dairyfree apples applecrisp
PowerHouz is an Apple HomeKit Portal going beyond Home Automation. Download our exclusive app here
Group including Apple signs Letter of Intent to purchase Toshibas memory chip business 
Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular vs GPSonly Whats the difference iMore
The doc loves his apple pie shots
hmmm.. iPhone X wont cost anywhere near 1000 for hardcore Apple fans  heres what theyll pay
BREAKING Apple shared news about integration of the Apple Watch and Dexcom CGM. Watch the video from the keynote.
ILL WAIT FOR APPLE TO REALIZE HOW STUPID THEY WERE BEFORE BUYING A NEW IPHONE I CANT LISTEN TO MUSIC AND CHARGE MY PHONE AT THE SAME TIME
Forget the Apple iPhone X  flat screens are out. Holographic screens are in as with Hydrogen One from REDCinema
 APPL  Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget
World Hurricane Irma Twitter Apple vs. Android 
ok. why does great value air tight the lids on their apple juice i was trying to twist open this shit for my brothers rn. now my hands r raw
Forget the 1000 iPhone X  Apple s best iPhone is now its least expensive at just 350
Take a peak inside Apple s new HQ
iPhone X Apple Explains Pronunciation for iOS 11 Smartphone 
Apple fought the law and the law won. Now iOS 11 will protect your data better than ever before ..... perhaps unti
Apple is a monsta x stan 
So is Apple tryna match their prices to their MacBooks now See ya 2k for it to break in one drop
Oh yeah This is what I need
Phones are already good phones already having a feature is kinda dumb. Apple had 3D Touch which Samsung now uses as a home button
Okay story time So I just called Apple support and I talked to this nice lady. I was having trouble with trying to delete my Apple ID off 
Apple Iphone X is launched.... Yayyy Its mean iphone 6 k rate kam hogay
At the Steve Jobs Theatre on the new Apple campus 
Okay but get a load of this shit This is why Apple never ceases to disgust me
shingo sawatari was eating his delicious sweet milk apple berry pie with honey. suddenly he became really horny while eating his scrumptiou
Honestly fuck Apple .
Cool I just found some slightly used headphones pulled off some blonde hair and their good to go.
Actually never mind its smaller than I thought. I was looking forward to when Android and Apple users could share cables I guess not.
z is back on apple music
ARENT THEY BROTHERS 
Honestly shout out to apple for taking care of me so quickly.
Protein pancakes for dinner by yours truly. Pic taken on a Samsung Note 5. Get at us Apple SamsungMobileUS NoFilter AndroidOverIphone 
Apple s smugness is not just limited to their products. Their Twitter handle follows 0 accounts.
wakey wakey apple and vine
Plenty of companies had it. Apple was getting to it eventually lol
What is the worst 21th century gadget  Apple watch
Im not about that thousand dollar for a phone crap. Suck it Apple Im going to google.
Your not human. We had to listen to your screeching nasal pitifulness. Be happy when they make a filter for that wait they did put a sock in
Apple Jacks is losing how do you feel
So basically facial unlocking was featured years ago on android. Now apple be like new feature D like if u agree
I want to go apple picking drink hot coffee wear scarves and impeach Trump you know all the fall stuff
You got me and I would love to help you grow your channel
ZinMark Laptop Sleeve 14  15.6 inch for 15 MacBook Air  MacBook Pro 2016  1415 Apple 
Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular vs GPSonly Whats the difference
Beautiful aromas of lemon and apple . C... Wine from Weingut Frank via Vivino app
You your loved ones will ADORE this glutenfree Apple Coffee Cake made with sponsored BobsRedMill BRMCares
ZinMark Laptop Sleeve 14  15.6 inch for 15 MacBook Air  MacBook Pro 2016  1415 Apple 
Maybe you could get a service animal for this
So Apple took away the headphone jack just so they can make these iPhones water resistant When the fuck am I gon go swimming with my phone
HEY YOUU GUUYS always in the voice of Sloth  just go with it. I made you a Paleo Apple 
Apple  Needham Likes iPhone Pricing as Competitive Tool
....... for 60 shawty better off just showing up with her own speaker and pluggin up to Apple Music
Apple Watch 3s reliance on an eSIM appears to have given Telstra the nudge it needed to adopt the tech.
FIN 501  Time Value of Money  Introduction Apple  iPhone iPod iPad...
As the saying goes whats old is new again Apple  Thanks for the throwback tech breakdown JackPhan SpendYourMoneyWisely
Wonder what Apple would make of this I suppose if 30 of people buy a new phone they will consider that a success
dump the apple phone.
mshelton7 Im ready for pumpkin patches corn mazes apple picking leaves falling with scarves vests uggs and a cup of apple cider
Deidre Caldbeck CaliDeidre on paddleboard receiving Apple watch call at event demo  an homage to the kayak in Dave Eggers The Circle 
ZinMark Laptop Sleeve 14  15.6 inch for 15 MacBook Air  MacBook Pro 2016  1415 Apple 
Apple pie anyone 
This. Looks like Apple has ignored simplicity again and common sense
Ingame characters can better interact with people in the environment AugmentedReality AR iPhoneX iPhone10 iPhone Apple Apple
Might as well grabheem
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Grabbing it next month alongside Bad Apple Wars hopefully For now finishing Period Cube 3 Thank you for bringing over more otome 3
Just take my money Apple ...Im about to drop about 2k in the next 2 weeks. Wireless charging Facial ID to unlock the phone the new multit
The most impressive thing Apple showed off at its event was its campus  Quartz
Get monsta x to promote the phone
The amazing fact that apple bloqued my iPad I couldt enter with my ID and pass iForgot doesnt help at all now even my acc is blocked
Just need to thmify this Zapple Pie  Mock  Apple Pie Made with Sliced Zucchini
I love it cant wait for it to come out
think I just ate the sticker on my apple by accident
I need my cinnamon apple to reply
Apple Exposes iOS Security Details 
Fucking finally. From a person who hasnt understood the phone must be in your pocket to work watch
startup Apple to Send Snapchats Stock Up At Least 28
Apple s iPhone X wait for the reviews  The Verge
Happened to me too
Im not feeling it either I think S8 has the edge on iPhone X when it comes to a better aesthetic for the screen. And Im an Apple guy.
Apple s Face ID is one small step forward in Artificial Intelligence.
The most impressive thing Apple showed off at its event was its campus  Quartz
Heres the Apple macOS High Sierra release date
Wow. Apple s A11 Bionic CPU iPhone 8  iPhone X is outperforming the A10X Fusion iPad Pro  Intels 3.5GHz i7.
If the iPhoneX wouldve looked like the one on the right... Man WTF was Apple thinking 
Apple s iPhone X event What the analysts are saying
Apple literally can charge 2000 for a phone and people would cop it
Apple TV 4K New 179 Apple streamer adds HDR better gaming
idk what kind of devilish games apple is playing but i aint havin it either. it freezes when im on an app and receive a text
Knew it. Disney wont cut prices for anyone. Disney wont let Apple sell its 4K movies on iTunes
Cords are the only thing that allows to me ever find the damn things.
Apple iPhone X Face ID Summons the Demon
Double apple cafe is now my fav
MY BABY MY FUKIN CINNAMON APPLE
Finished watching the Apple keynote today. Wireless charging made something dawn on me I truly think USBC is the single IO future of Apple
Apple s Face ID security is seriously flawed. It only indicates your presence not consent to unlock your phone.
well bring some this weekend cause your gf is broke and doesnt have apple juice at the apartment
Loooooool im so dead is that a real legit note maybe they wanted to be healthy so they took your apple init
Apple 039s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
. AndrewMayne on Periscope  Lets talk about the iPhone X creativity and the future iphonex apple
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
When is Apple going to link up with Lays to create facial recognition chips I need cut off
Apple Watch with LTE will cost 10month on US cellular carriers
Of course there has to be a string attached. So Apple will make your iPhone get up on its little legs and chase you till the 1000 is paid.
Or that would be the case if they didnt just totally exempt it from the warranty in the first place as that picture implies.
My phones battery is suddenly dying so fast I see you apple
Silver iPhone 6 Touch Screen Digitizer Original LCD Display Assembly Apple iPhone6 phonerepair eBay
KISSCASE IP68 Waterproof Heavy Duty Hybrid Swimming Dive Case For Apple iPho ...
Mohammed eats apple .
Even the almighty Apple couldnt get the fingerprint scanner under the glass..lol
When you go to the Apple AppleStore  reset every iPad homepage to BitcoinNetwork.com you earn fans  enemies. Bitcoin Entrepreneur 
We Asked 6 Privacy and Legal Experts About Apple s New Face ID
Youve always wanted to be maced...u just didnt know it till apple told you
People are worried about what the government would do with this technology. They should be more worried about what Apple would do with it.
Somebody explain to me why none of Aaliyah music is on Apple Music
Bad customer service. Sells products with known issues. APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE APPLE
Holy moly I didnt even think about that I bet it would taste just like those super good candy apple suckers
Apple s iPhone X launch takes shine off stocks rally
ok my phone wont get past the turn on screen thats awesome thanks apple for not working after one year
I love apple pie ieatlocal
Almond Butter amp Apple Breakfast Quesadilla with Classic Almond Butter
U.S. Senator Raises Questions About Security and Privacy of Face ID
Oh cmon. A series 3 Apple Watch is about to come out now.
What really happened with Apple s Face ID fail onstage
Actives apple watches
My dad tricked me and said he had something important to tell me but instead wanted to share a candied apple
How An Apple Vet Helped Solve One Of VRs Biggest ProblemsFor FacebookOwned Oculus
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
TMZ Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Tech Armor Apple iPhone 6 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 Ballistic Glass Screen Protector Premium
RT PrisBright Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple is working with Stanford and American Well to test whether its watch can detect heart problems
iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K and other happenings from the iPhone
Haha Sticking with my 6sPlus. Theyve done nothing since then which makes me want to spend money on marginal upgrades.
OpenBox Certified Apple  9.7Inch iPad Pro with WiFi  128GB  Silver
Apple doing the most. Like why do I have to choose between charging my phone and listening to music
Pizza and apple juice for dinner is the best way to live your best adult life
Im in the terminal stages. I bought the 150 apple AirPods after experiencing the initial symptoms u experienced... Lost those too.
Yes Love homemade apple pies. IEatLocal
Selling my MacBook pro to the highest offer bc Im over apple . 1k for an iPhone 8 is the final straw.
OpenBox Excellent Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular vs GPSonly Whats the difference
Maybe its cause Im high but Apple already has my thumbprint do I really want these niggas to have my facescan
Those were wonderful. But the grey one fell the fuck apart. Oh my Credo went in a fire btw. So nice apple gave me warmth.
Tech Armor Apple iPhone 6 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 Ballistic
All these new apple products are overwhelming
When Apple write something like this I smell a does this mean its worse than or slightly better. Which is it looks like guess work 
Will the Apple Watch have the same phone number as your iPhone zzbar its not thats really bad
Just saw this on Amazon Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlocked Phone 128 GB ... by Apple Computer for 784.95
New Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Amazon advertising algorithm this guy loves Apple but doesnt have 1000 thinks hes hipster. Hell buy this for sure. 
dont get me wrong the new iPhones seem pretty sick. But apple keeps making a big fuss about old features
What do you think Will you buy the iPhone X Dont laugh  that 1000 iPhone could be a genius move for Apple
We at Apple believe the new AR abilities of the new iPhones will revolutionize how we communicate and interact with the world.
Apple just killed the iPhone 9. What now SmartNews
You might be able to have an easier more budgetfriendly shot at affording the 1000 iphone8 with Apple s 1cent per century payment plan.
the apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
Apple Prices in Euros Different countries. In Spain APPLE always put the high prices I turn to Android for price abuses. ALWAYS THE SAME 
will Apple  Microsoft return to US manufacturing
I spent 31 minutes working out with Apple Health. 462 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple never fired Brads wife tho
Apple s LTEenabled Watch could be a wearable watershed moment
A8 LOVE apple picking my parents come to our house bc we live in the country  lots of places in our area we make a day of it IEatLocal
TechSmartt I saw you are sponsored by apple .Could you send me an iPhoneI literaly never owned an iPhone because I couldnt afford one.Thnx
yeah hello stan monsta x
In addition to my two Win apps weve had to build a Windows box because Apple hardware no longer copes with heavy video processing
Make some apple pies IEatLocal
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple  The new iPhone is the same maybe a little faster than all of its predecessors but u can unlock it with your face Apple Fanboys 
you spelled making you spend 160 to be trendy and cool wrong.
khate79 Love is like a apple pie MBLovinginTandem PushAwardsMayWards
Ugh. Humans are the worst
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Apple is annoying
A8. Apple picking on the local farm. IEatLocal
Dudes be killing MJ over his sneaker sales but Apple pushing phones for a G and there both manufactured under similar circumstances
The new Apple Iphone will cost a thousand bucks. Why are you still sacrificing your consumer power upon the altar of pomposity
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
apple
Son get this 4G shit OUTTA HERE Like I should automatically be on LTE coming from Underground Apple FIX THAT
Just another ploy so this God Awful company can milk us for more  Hey lets try another Apple System Upgrade....lol FraudCompany
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
A video about Hey.. save by downloading my mobile app to your Apple or Android device.
wish apple would just let me rant about codys accent freely. 
Time will tell.
I grew up using Apple computers starting with IIGS and then Performa with a CDROM but will probably never havewant an iPhone
 Apple Watch Series 3 will now allow you to make and take phone calls via FOX NEWS
My timeline is 90 Apple Notch Memes.
Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget www.thestreet.comstory143048621whythenew apple watchcouldbethenext
50 extra from Apple if you want to fast charge your 1000 phone 
dear Apple  i found a flaw in your face recognition unlock twins
Apple iPhone X Is Being Stalked By This Chinese Killer www.thestreet.comstory143037271killerchinesecompetitionprimedtotakea
Tk da Apple
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone win 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
cookieboy1794 should I go Pugh or Apple for giants team leader
okay guys help this is my birthday present so dont just pick the macbook bc its apple i need this hoe to work
everything apple made groundbreaking isnt really that unique if anything they are like 13 years late
Apple isnt even advertising the iPhone 8. Not sure why they even made the 8s when everyone wants the X.
Apple bumps up price on iPad Pro as flash costs climb. Read more
Apple knows how to make an advertisement.
Did you see death to the switch during the Apple presentation
Yes I do. Ud be shocked how unhealthy my organizational habits r. Still not Apple fault people lose things. Mine nvr leave my headphones
Found out today ATT will give 121 for iPhone 6 but Apple will do 170.
I hate when stores dont accept Apple Pay
CanonUSApro 2k Apple software 2k  laptop 2k camera accessories and bags 1k and those are the basics
Photos What it was like to attend Apple s iPhone X event  its first at the Steve Jobs Theater
Really think in a nice guy this guy is Gustavo Kuerten a Brazilian tennis player. Hes so nice that we call him a human Labrador. 
Apple doing it dirty
Why is everyone making a big deal of facialrecognition when s8 already had it Adios apple AppleEvent
someone ask Apple how Im gonna unlock my phone in class if I have to look at it but phones arent allowed in class am I just stuck then
Hows that upside dwn 
iphone Apple iPhone 6s Plus  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
The Apple iPhone X keynote was exciting but its got nothing on what CENX announced during todays AllStaff. Cant wait for whats next 
Apple Watch leak hints at LTE connectivity and new colors
Obviously she was the apple of Wilhelm IIs eye Wunderbar
Im getting the LGUS V30
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6S Verizon 380
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 7 Plus Verizon 670
Shouldnt the new apple watch be called the iPhone too since you dont need an iPhone to use it anymore
Cellular enabled Apple watch is fabulous but wait it is not launching in India
about to score me this apple watch series 3. just for the fuck of it.
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
Ellen roasting apple is giving me life
the face of samsung after apple conference releasing the new i phone 
Is that dumb blond disease
Ive been vaguely interested in buying an Apple Watch for years but Ive never been able to justify the cost.
Its official Health not just wellness is Apple s future
Im sure TMobile s JohnLegere would be up for this. What about you ATT  Verizon  Sprint 
That white ceramic Apple Watch calling my name bro
My honest take is that Apple is spending less time talking about people and how they use things and more time with tech and specs.
Me dieron ganas de tenerlo  Apple iPhone X first look
Screens made by Samsung with Apple IOS equals I must have 
Group Including Apple  Dell Moves to Buy Toshibas Chip Business
whats the point of the iPhone 8 Haha to make the X look better  trick dummies. Fuck apple for that cash grab total waste
Oh man looks like an Apple Store during a new iPhone release
Apple juice fallin from her lips
 The Most Exciting Moments of Apple s Event as Told By Viewers Heart Rates
Behold Apple s 349 iPhone  the cheapest on the market  MarketWatch
I want to be like the patron saint of reality. Fiona Apple
Apple Brings FaceID to New iPhone X
Apple might be right to undersell augmented reality The term seems simultaneously futuristic and obsolete it coul
what do you think about the new iphone X iPhoneX Apple
Apple iPhone X The network of suppliers set to benefit  BBC News
How to Download Paid Apps FREE from App Store Apple Id No Jailbreak iOS 911 iPhone iPad 2017
Wow Interesting Sen. Franken demands Apple detail privacy and security safeguards for iPhone X face recognition
I liked a YouTube video
EveryApplePro The iPhone X 64gb without Apple care in New Zealand is 1800
Anyone want to pay for my Apple Music
Wow Im really glad Apple came out with the same phone I bought from SamsungMobileUS 4 months ago for 400 less
I convinced my grandma to switch from Samsung to apple and she went out and bought an iPad and iphone 7. Apple wheres my sponsorship
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Wins Against FBI in Another iPhone Unlocking Dispute
Peanut butter and Jelly sandwiches with apple slices and carrot sticks
Why cant they make the damn phones waterproof
Fuck that new iPhone fuck apple they gets no more of my gwop
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
I was thinking the same apple is wild
Forget the 1000 iPhone X  Apple s best iPhone is now its least expensive at just 350
WednesdayWisdom w Guilfoyle Sarge986 joins Voz on Wall St to talk Apple  mkt backbone  Trump  AAPL  DJIA VIDEO
1 hour into airplaying music all devices wired apple itunes 12.7 stopped streaming to one of them. FirstWorldProblems
news asia world business Commentary  Apple Park and the trouble with modern workplaces
My phone has been acting up already... thanks Apple .
NEW Apple iPhone 7 Plus  RED  256GB  Verizon Smartphone FACTORY UNLOCKED
Maybe Apple addicts need to build their own towns
In my opinion Apple has the most loyal customers
LOT of 8 Apple iBook G4 White Laptops 3 With Power Cords. NO HDD A1134
Check out Apple s new insanely great campus
Apple Watch Time to stand Me Nope.
Apple suppliers shares hit by delayed iPhone X  Financial Times
Does it bother anyone else that apple went from 8 to X...like what the fuck. 9 is a great number...show some respect.
Thank you
Cant replace the battery no SD card no headphone jack. Quit eating apple s bullshit and asking for more.
MacbookBeats Apple watchiPhone...Its gonna be a busy black Friday for me to sit at home and watch snaps
The only good donuts are plain or apple cider.
Bruh its only on iTunes and not Apple Music AppleMusic 
Good lord alfranken  Im pretty sure apple probably thought this through. Maybe focus on Equifax or Uber
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
idk maybe apple just wants a nice rousing dick suckin
yeah the new iPhone is cool and all but what I really want is the new series of the Apple Watch
U.S. Senator Raises Questions About Security and Privacy of Face ID 
ouuuuUUUUU happy bday to my fuckin cinnamon apple  hope I can see you l8r g8r love you so much brother. chadmichels2 
Stop sending iPhones to Apple stores
The Original Pancake House on Yelp  Apple Pancake
the Apple Watch with cellular capabilities the biggest upgrade and no one cares lmaooo
Cool really Nice Happy Week MustFollow
Apple Store
The future from 2 years ago maybe. Just because apple FINALLY decided to get with this times doesnt mean its now the future. applefail
Apple Pie. TheBestThingAboutBaseball
Apple has nothing now that really can chew up VR or 8K...or deal with Resolve...handle RED dailies not like they used to.
You knowwww apple good for glitchy shit
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus  Unveiled  Apple
Buy the new Apple Watch or get all new makeup .........
Theta Apple Pie
Im a huge Apple fanboy. After watching the entire AppleEvent  I feel the iPhoneX is really a glorified prototype. I chose iPhone 8.
Apple s least expensive iPhone quietly got a price cut
RT RunnersNewz Whats new for runners in the Apple Watch Series 3
9GAG The Apple New iPhone X AppleEvent 
The culmination of Steve Jobs vision Parody video rips Apple s overpriced Emoji Machine
Apple tree Your fruit so vibrant  sweet All tempting But only one could Garner my attention Mollyzvoice Youre the apple of my eye 
Apple aficionado huh Here are the 20 best Mac games. Read more
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
So Apple has ur name tied to ur debit card tied to ur thumb print which is now tied to ur face Sounds creepy when its all put togethr.
This PLUS the Apple Crown Royal...
STAN MONSTA X 
I already report to apple care support team. It is really big problem for customer. Because you make confused customer please fix issue.
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Ugh my least favorite retail experience The Apple store. The only thing I like less is an auto parts store.
Featured Swappa listing for Apple iPhone 6S Unlocked 365
KY Proud fresh pressed apple cider will be for sale starting Friday . 4.95 a half a gallon. How many do you want  fallsintheair .
Experiences  things. Always. Sorry apple . iphonex iphone travel 
The Likelihood of Apple Releasing an iPhone 5 in White
Opinion Apple s take on the bezelless UI is unintuitive and Android is far better suited for it
apple jacks forever
Commentary Apple Park and the trouble with modern workplaces
https goo.glqHyVDZ Apple s latest flagship fails to impress me in many ways. Here are four reasons why I wont be picking one up.
Facing problems with your Apple device We are here to resolve it. Just Call tollfree 18558870097 or visit
I signed an open letter drafted by GreatFireChina GoldenFrog to ask Apple to Stop Censorship in China. Sign on
BlackBerry delivers Day Zero support for Apple iOS 11
This explain it save for Apple
Funny how people always make such nuisance whenever Apple is releasing a new product. The only matter is the 
iPhone X y todas las novedades de Apple desde el Steve Jobs Theater Tecnologia IphoneX
That moment when Apple Music finally understands me
RT Techkle Top 5 ThirdParty Leather Bands For The Apple Watch
Apple Watch with LTE will cost 10month on US cellular carriers
Well Apple just lost a customer. Drive over an hour out to try and get my Mac fixed and all they could offer me was 25. Fuck that.
What do you put in it My grandparents have a bumper Apple crop this year
8 things Apple didnt tell us about the iPhone X by mashable Apple iPhoneX
Yes The notch is just awful Apple should know better. Massive design flaw
You cant make it public wo making the whole acct public
Apple Special Event What makes Apple  Apple  Nobuyuki Hayashi  Medium
Gotta go visit my local town square so they can blast the lint out of my aux port. Apple
Swatch Shares Bruised by New Apple Watch
10 HIDDEN Features in the iPHONE That Apple NEVER Told You About
New post iPhone X  Introducing iPhone X  Apple  has been published on Amashopping 
Soo over these phones  problems I been having Im blaming Verizon a mp Apple since no one can tell me whats the problem
Buddy Apple Siri my sexually delicious robot
Good thing there are many more to choose from And you wont have to spend 1k
Can I have my name down for preorder already
Just stick your fingers in your ears and sing lalalalalalala I actually had a grad student instructor do that to me once
All you Android fans why are you here then If you like the S8 then like it Apple fans dont bash you guys
The contrarian way to save gobs of money on the new iPhone 8 or iPhone X Yesterday Apple did their best to wow...
White supremacy isnt a ripe apple ready to fall from a tree. We have to shake it down right We have to make it fall TakiyahThompson
I just attempted to make cinnamon roll apple pie.... lets see how this turns out
pcollett88 apple watches used in Austin will come with fines and suspensions
Kyle Can you put my apple watch on charge Its on the night stand by yours Walks in to a bouquet of flowers and a note
1000 for the IPhoneX airplane mode better take me on holiday for that price WasteOfMoney Apple
Senator calls on Apple to address Face ID privacy concerns AppleInsider
Every time apple drops a new phone all people do is complain about the price but they still buy the damn product.
def use apple cider vinegar instead also sometimes I mix in charcoal powder
Dolby Universal Display Boosted By New Apple iPhones PATRICK SEITZInvestors Business Daily  Technology
Apple TV 4K vs Apple TV A New Era For Apple TV michaelgKnow Your Mobile
Exclusive March aerial tour of Apple Incs Campus 2 shows Spaceship Ring tunnel theater progress more
Apple Watch Series 3 finally an iPhone not so bulky and without 11 cameras inbuilt... Seems the guys just...
Then I can play an AR game that makes everyone a zombie AugmentedReality AR iPhoneX iPhone10 iPhone Apple Apple
Apple whats up with the FaceTime messages I figured itd be on iPhone X facetimefacemail Svinteen
Meet the new iPhone 8X.. which is basically the Galaxy S88 w Apple slapped on it and a broken price tag iPhone8 iPhoneX SamsungMobile
My phone has had this Face ID thing since I got it back in December... Sorry Apple  lenovo beat you to it.
Apple s New Watch Aims Straight at Garmin
Tech  Refresh  Apple will let you mail in your old iPhone for the new one this year
Just in time for fall. Add this with the green apple CrownRoyal and you have yourself a candy apple drink
So how do identical twins feel about the iPhoneX facial recognition Did Apple just launch a disruptive social experiment SueBertram 
Just commented on thejournalie  How much has Irelands Apple tax appeal cost so far Over 3.6 million and coun 
A YEAR IS NOT CLOSE TO ENOUGH BY THE TIME THE HENTAI IS TRANSFERRED APPLE WILL RELEASE IPHONE XXX
The Bright World of the Gods A real faery story. Curl up by the fire or under an old enchanted apple tree.
Another day with Muslims obsession with conspiracy theoriesthis hashtag is trending worldwide  apple war against niqab 
But Im a really really REALLY nice guy. So I was wondering if you could give me one... 
It is pointless to build tech campuses like Apple Park and make people hotdesk says the Financial Times John Gapper.
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Looks like the Apple has fallen far from the tree.
That theres never been any work done on it then its covered
Via Fast Company Can Fitbit Survive Apple In The War For Your Wrist
Apple has me all upset idk if I want to update now to the 7 plus or wait and get the 8 or wait till Christmas and get the X.
Apple needa listen to customers you know  but they still make money
The Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmark Beats Apple A9 In Single Core Results
Forbes Disappointing New iPhones Reveal A Scared And Greedy Apple
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
idk how many yards of fabric im gonna need to buy for apple magician girl
Apple is literally peddling innovation.
It also takes them 5 years to catch up to droid phones.
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
In all seriousness.... i turned pillsbury cinny rolls into pie crust for apple pie and it was
Surprise The iPhone X supports fast charging but youll
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
The apple iOS App Store in iTunes has been dropped in 12.7. Its just gone. This is not a feature especially if you have multiple devices.
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
CONFIRMED Apple Watch one.
I noticed apple haters wasnt complaining about the pricing of the Note 8 tho......... 
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple  NEW YORK Reuters  Wall Street edged up
its not hennessy its dirty apple juice
Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
Not sure if its just me or what but the Apple podcast app has not updated since the 5th for me.
Drinking a Snake Bite  Apple Cider Shandy by twpitchersbeer 
Here are 6 old technologies Apple wants you to think are revolutionary
No but because its a feature that apps can support and people can use. I dont care if its a small percent if Apple made it possible
Apple TV 4K vs. Roku Ultra vs. Amazon Fire TV comparing the top video streaming gadgets  The Verge
Apple brings some BlackBerry 10 flavor to the iPhone X
Ready for Pumpking Patch dates and Apple Cider Slushies
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 128GB Silver Refurbished at 49.99 on 4GEE 5GB 24 Mon...
Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular vs GPSonly Whats the difference
Essex singer Emma Blackery in shock as her EP is used at Apple s global iPhone launch
ALWAYS RT Richiel0c0  New iPhones are about to drop and now mine is acting up Apple
But its not covered because it is not defective if you damage it. If they open it up and a seal is missing or broken and you can show
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone X
Hi Peter thanks for tweeting. I could help you. Please install drivers using Apple Software Update
Happy Birthday to Fiona Apple McAfeeMaggart. September 13 1977 She is a singer and
All good holding Apple accountable on privacy but how about you spend  half this level of effort each on Facebook and Google SenFranken
Staple them to your head. LOL
Tuckers beer dinner in Southwick MA course 3 Apple cidermaple bourbon glaze chicken w root veggies  potatoes. Paired with Oc2berfest. 
Sounds a lot like blaming someone else because of your carelessness. The adaptor can be purchased again n works with any regular headphones
I need to retweet it from all 4 accounts tho
another reason why i dont own any apple products
I Need That Apple Watch Series 3 Too
Ask Apple  I use their autocorrect.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
ConservativeTht dairy but individuals dont need to pay more so Apple can pay less for repatriation that will never happen
And yo momma is an apple brat
apple stresses me out the whole itunes and files etc is just too complicated for my small mind.
iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K and other happenings from the iPhone X event Macworld Podc
JohnLegere it would be very uncarrier to include the Apple Watch LTE at no addition cost to One plans
i loooove how apple doesnt make a lightning to headphone adapter making these headphones worthless on any device not called iphone 7
Apple Box isnt biased at all
Apple Watch series 1. Black ceramic body doesnt scratch with the milanese loop band. 600 obo 
Watch Everything you need to know about Apple TV 4K by via AppleInsider  Frontpage News
Youre disowned from Apple Music
Let them keep buying iPhones bro. You can get abt 6 shares of apple stock for the cost of an iPhoneX right now. The stock is up 50 ytd.
bro fuck apple my out of no where me and my step dads phone just stop working
RT TMZ Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
I strongly identify with this disorder.
Commentary Apple Park and the trouble with modern workplaces
Would Apple reject this
The best teachers condescend. Apple  canceled.
Senator calls on Apple to address Face ID privacy concerns by via AppleInsider  Frontpage News
Get a Samsung Galaxy 
Listening to Apple Tree by Deep Kick via AppleMusic  
Well... Ok... Yeah... I got that much
news Wall Street hits record high  without help from Apple
Hot Pink LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer  Back Housing For iPhone 5c Apple iPhone5c Shop eBay
Hello futu...WTF IS THIS PRICE
Give me a simple interface with a contact list and SMS. Forget everything else. Cmon Apple . Do better. endrant
Liked on YouTube Apple iPhone X Keynote Full Recap
Ts and Ps going your way in these terrible times.
I liked a YouTube video
DID BLACK MIRROR INFLUENCE APPLE IPHONE XS NEW ANIMOJIS FEATURE
I liked a YouTube video
What happened with Apple Face ID fail It didnt fail.  David Pogue
Yall pray for me Aint nothing going on this Apple Radio is acting up. How you go from Maxwell to New Editionlet me finish my paper
Low key want an Apple Watch
Only one female speaker took the stage at Apple s big event. Read more
We really should boycott Apple but they got these people by their necks
iPhone X  Apple what if I am sleepingunconscious and somebody unlocks my iPhone X and does something wrong. Who will be responsible
Apple iPhone X Space Gray 256GB Model
This still happens on my iPad with Apple Music on iOS11GM 
Yes. Apple told me yesterday theres an option in Accessibility dont remember exactly where you can toggle Face ID looking for you.
Apple who has enough money to buy an iphone x i hardly have enough money to go to the dollar store brokeasf
But Im not getting apple crap so haha You cant get into my 15. xD
. Apple Considering the new  has cellular would it be possible to ditch my phone and use it as a standalone phone Asking for a friend
The fact that my social media hasnt been bombarded by Apple cult members raving about the new iPhone kinda makes me want to get one.
They legit taste like apple pie 
CANDY APPLE was found after a car hit her. She is so beautiful. I hope she is adopted or fostered so she can get urgent medical care.
apple got time to make the 8 but not a god damn foot emoji wherethefootat
How Apple envisions phones without a Home button  Yahoo Finance
ya Im never buying a new phone my head hpones are my ears
How to Use Apple Pay with Face ID on the New iPhone X
Apple new wallpapers are life 
I want an Apple Watch now.
Apple pie and ice cream
How to Use Apple Pay with Face ID on the New iPhone X 
But very expensive as well you know crisis and stuff... 
Or at least in the apple logo. My problem with the X is that theres not enough difference between it and the 8 to justify the price
Straight Talk Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Smartphone Silver
Finally got an Apple Watch and I love love love love love love love love it
Apple Mugs International Tableworks Set of 3
The fact that I cannot easily interchange headphones between my Mac and IPhone 7 plus really grinds my gears. apple
Straight Talk Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Smartphone Silver
Group Including Apple  Dell Moves to Buy Toshibas Chip Business
We wil make Apple Great Again. This iPhone X is YUUUUGE Samsung Bad hombrs. Apple is the BEST. Alexa is FAKE NEWS. Get SIRI.
Apple you guys are pushing it man
Apple losing...
I hope Apple says fuck 12 and hits us with the 13 in the near future
NAH APPLE GOT ME AGAIN
Late2012 Apple Mac Mini 2.3GHz i7 QuadCore 1TB HDD 16GB RAM MD388LLA
I liked a YouTube video
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I call it misogyny. But your only saving grace is we didnt have to look at that doughfaced apple doll Hillary Clinton for the next 4 years
Use Apple Pay with Face identification on the brand new iPhone X 
What does the Apple iPhone 8 launch mean for the intelligent packaging industry Via PackNews
So do third party USBC chargers work too or do we have to get an Apple branded one
The job of the serpent is to question the authenticity and validity of Gods word. So have you bitten the apple Eve
OhMDee you say zero planning I say preplanned scheme to get more consumer spend Lash back will be almost zero. Fans reward Apple w.
CNA Commentary Apple Park and the trouble with modern workplaces
Apple Increases iPhone Repair Costs 20 Across the Board  iDrop News iDrop
apple and their ghost twitter account can fuck off already. they tweeted but dont want it to be seen on their profile.
MY CINNAMON APPLE HES SO CUTE WOW 
MKBHD iPhone X Impressions  Hands On via r apple
Best part about the 3rd gen iWatch  Now I can get the 2nd gen on the cheap. I dont need LTE for my watch lol... Apple
RT sofitukkerRT timouthy Apple global marketing reach vs my individual west Chicago guerrilla Uber influencer st
You can doubletap to get rid of the notch when watching videos on iPhone X link inside. via r apple
RT sofitukkerRT PesceNic Apple totally blew up the lives of these rising musicians at its iPhone X event dayejac
Apple Your stores are boring and your employees are like robots who most of the time tell you that your device cant be fixed i no more.
Apple Cider Vinegar Benefits and Uses guthealth AppleCiderVinegar health
Apple Watch with LTE will cost 10month on US cellular carriers
Yall wouldnt blame a car company for totaling your car in an accident. So why yall mad at Apple bc yall keeping breaking your phones
Can Fitbit Survive Apple In The War For Your Wrist
Really alfranken   Apple  is the tech giant youre worried about protecting privacy
Yes with Apple Music streams. These 3.5M is only Spotify
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
All the postnews news from Apple s big announcements yesterday including a bunch of little details and accessories
Hands on walkthrough Apple iPhone X
Want your iPhone to not be disabled Restore it. But you need to know the Apple ID and password to activate it. Do you know your password
With the iphone X looking way different. No one and the ROCK means no one is going to buy the i phone 8 or plus. Just want apple wants
Im thinking today might be the day to make apple pie bars  .....or wash the floors.....or maybe both D
A lot of people drink Apple cider vinegar daily It tastes horrible even as a shot Probably a good detox
Bluetooth headphones ftw
Apple got me fucked up lmao
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal
apple is any of this release date profit going to victims of Hurricanes Harvey andor Irma
On a lighter note keep up the fantastic work. Youve no idea what great therapy you provide. Cant wait for The Big Apple . Best of luck.
Apple  so ang tanong ni customer bat daw walang iPhone 9 iPhone 8 8 at iPhone X lang
Everyone and their mommas selling their iPhones and Apple watches on swap pages so they can get the new Apple products
is the face ID thing a thing on newer android devices or is it an apple exclusive for now
Interesting.
My take Apple products are too expensive
Very nice this new iPhone 
By the way I was talking about their marketing. Not the phone itself.
North Korea crisis Mnuchin suggests China trade cutoff on the table FoxNews Start with Apple I phone
Its official Health not just wellness is Apple s future
Next step is adding the TrueDepth camera system to the rear  the ability to detect multiple faces iPhoneX iPhone10 iPhone Apple Apple
It doesnt matter how big you are. Insider threats are real and will bite even companies like Apple 
thelinuxgamer apple died when they started charging a premium for hardware that cost less than they charge two grand for an OS is overkill
Apple has Face ID fail during demo
and all the money from Apple Pay 
Market watch on Apple as new iPhone released  The Australian
Sooo is this like X like 10 Or is this like X like Mega Man X and well get really confused until you make an iPhone X2 PayMeForMoreIdeas
I cant wait until Apple comes out with an Excess 
Ive been at Apple for 3 hours now pls send help
Apple Cider Vinegar for Sunburn Can it Really Help in Curing the Condition
Apple Ipadmini 16Gb wireless for sale at Ghc500..
Philosophy Toast of the Town Apple  Pomegranate Martini ShampooShower Gel Set
Why the New Apple Watch Could Be the Next Must Have Gadget 
PrizesGalore for Vingo today celtscrafthouse in Apple Valley
I doubt Apple would make one THIS expandable. But if they go back to tower format with several PCIe slots that would help
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Jet Black Verizon Smartphone
Apple Offering PreApprovals to iPhone Upgrade Program Customers Ahead of iPhone 8
Apple iPhone X priced at Rs 89000 for India..
Homework and an apple . 
If you didnt know and didnt see the OS paraphernalia  which one of these would you think was Apple designed
same same. i cant even pay with my money what more with my face wyd apple  
I lost the iPhOne sPeCiFic headphones and cant buy ones that work at a bodega and now Im forced to listen to humans all bc of my illness
Dont like Apple having my finger print over my dead body they aint scanning my face
Apple Watch Series 3 First impressions LTE prices and design choices  9to5Mac
Michigan city bans apple grower from market over his refusal to allow gay marriages at his farm  AP
You Make Me Laugh..Its Like My Own Personal Clown Or Oaf. Dance Fo Me..Have Ya Milk n Cookies n Enjoy Your Week..Oh n Youre Welcome
How Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X compare to the iPhone 7
Apple Emoji Gateway Drug to Furrydom
I dont know why but I really just want an apple right now.
Whys this poll gotta be protected
Agree. And while AppleTV4K is far more powerful than those others Apple not offering compelling use of it yet. Should be AAA gaming by now
New post added at Move Relocate and Immigrate to Sydney Australia  Telstra details eSIM support ahead of Apple ...
quality doesnt look like this for android lmao. apple can drag samsung all day but once Samsung drags them they get all butthurt
Been through it twice now. But the ability for Apple iPhones to work for older generations with passcodes apple ids and more has failed
emmablackery so happy Apple put you on the keynote. Youre beautiful and so is your music Congrats 
Stop dropping your phone or get a flip phone. But dont get mad at Apple
The Shredder. Our crispy pulled pork biscuit with Basted Baste and an apple Dikon slaw. Basted
I recall telling you apple are um. this morning
Telstra details eSIM support ahead of Apple Watch 3 
Apple IPhone 6  128GB  Silver ATT Smartphone Price 30.00 View and Buy this ...
iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K and other happenings from the iPhone X event Macworld Podc
I can spray paint an orange red doesnt make it a apple . Just because its on tv and says live doesnt make it true.
did apple released iphone x since sm wont give us update about ten 
And the only point I have to make is if apple sucked nobody would ever buy it simple as that but here we are
AR will build a deeper relationship between humans and tech  new ways to express ourselves and connect with others. AdweekChat Apple
Apple go make yall watch an ad to unlock yall phones
Come on Mick... You know a few pints and a fry up beats tea and Apple pie every day
Thats why I used it. Should have caught the sarcasm. Laughing at myself
ESPN has done an inning plus on the Red Sox Apple Watch and hasnt mentioned the Yankees camera one time.
apple watch compared site is wrong. Series 1 is not bluetooth 4.2. I captured screen shot. 
Definitely grabbing that Apple Watch glad I waited lol
I feel Apple made the iPhone 8 all glass so people will want to buy the iPhone X so they dont go through the IPhone 45S problem
apple  check out niyiokeowo s iPhoneX concepts.
It comes with an adaptor and alternatives to buy. They arent discriminating they are innovating. apple
Sure options is one thing...Im saying the idea that Apple has to compete with the very best you can toss in that HP...isnt reality.
Apple  iPhone 8 8 Plus y iPhone X son presentados en el Steve Jobs Theater
Bring lime back forever green apple ass Skittles 
My baby My cinnamon apple
Should I do the Apple Music free trial
Apple The IPhone x has face recognition a first for smartphones Samsung 
Cracked my phone apple gone for this 8 upon me
Rumors Apple backtracks on Appageddon
Ppl just need to stop all of the hating one way or another. If you like Apple  awesome. If you like Android great Like what you like 
Got damn Apple Slow Down I still havent upgraded from my last bullshit ass Iphone
Of course hours after the Apple press conference my phone begins to act up. You aint slick Apple
My son has been eating everything today . Cake . Apple sauce . Some of my sandwiche only cus he grabs it out my hand
HEY Yesterday I learned if you taken your broken apple charger to apple they give you a new one for free
Ah an apple jack of sorts. Sounds good.
Apple s New Watch Aims Straight at Garmin . Read more
I have been thinking this same thing My Apple Watch is now wearing down and I wondered why... Apple
Apple Watch with LTE will cost 10month on US cellular carriers
Aww Viv hes your dog now all we have 2 do is find another who looks like Sam switch them without your sister catching on should b easy
Cramer uses Apple to outline the difference between trading and investing
Check out Apple s new insanely great campus
I DIDNT ASK FOR THAT. GIVE ME MY EARPHONE AND MY CHARGER PORTS BACK. Apple
weird that my iphone started dying this week not actually weird bc our apple overlords want me to spend a billion dollars on the iphone x
Me Whats the difference between the iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 Apple  
How much 
Go to Georgia perimeter mall in Dunwoody when you get there my pals make sure you go where the apple store was located
Apple HomePod Landing Q4 2017  Limited Numbers  Know Your Mobile
well thats how we made the concept
eBayIT imperdibili Pz 1295 42mm Milanese Magnetic Loop Stainless Cinturino Acciaio For Apple Watch iWatch
Use your Macbook Pro or Apple Wireless keyboard as a MIDI controller for LogicPro
The better question to ask is whats the contribution margin of the iPhone X Apple
I SEE  APPLE DOESNT FALL FAR FROM TREE DUMB IN DUMB OUT PRESIDENT OBAMA MAKES dump  others INCLUDING u LOOK LIKE.A SPEC ON THE GROUND
Really cant believe the animated emojis was a selling point for the new iPhone I have never seen apple looking like this
So after the existing gap between ios and android user now they want to differentiate between the iphone itself. So racist lah you apple .
Apple hikes repair replacement  AppleCare prices for iPhones  AppleInsider
I have apple bloom 
Apple Watch is growing me oh fuck
Hows this going to work out though LOL Some of these girls have 3 hours worth of contouring make up on their faces iPhoneX Apple 
Equilibre Fitness  Fitmetrix
Apple can you all stop telling me that my iCloud storage is full Im aware
Listen to the new song  Im going to release another version AND more songs on Apple Music this month
apple pie oreos are the new loml
make me happy by getting me some apple sauce mashups pouches with mangoescarrots.
awscloud Bring machine learning to iOS apps using Apache MXNet and Apple Core ML.
From the fridge. Its not a coincidence that apple pie is Castiels favourite type. The hunter just opened the last beer in the fridge
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Finally caught up with all the Apple news... Looks great I look forward to upgrading next year
You can now preorder the Apple iPhone 8 in Malaysia 
I lovePornhub statisticians. Pornhub stats reveal Apple fans went nuts for the iPhone X
Victor Apple Farm reopens after 2016 fire
How the Apple iPhoneX Compares to the Samsung GalaxyNote8
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Love the new specifications for IPHONE X
ATT offers seals on new Apple products including iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus attemployee
Apple iPhone 6s  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone
I dont really know why Apple didnt patch limera1n on the iPhone32.
Apple Valley versus Shakopee Girls Volleyball is underway. 
Apple Why dont your retail stores answer their phone 4 hours of my day wasted on a confirmed online order.
Apple LISTEN here sis. siri dont even recognize my voice how is this face ID gonna work
awscloud Bring machine learning to iOS apps using Apache MXNet and Apple Core ML.
As gravleyaustin argued today iPhonex is the status symbol some peeps will pay a premium for that Apple then can use to testbed new tech
I liked a YouTube video
Now that Apple has unveils new iPhones bit of what you need to know ttptad.com.ngappleunveilsiphone8iphone8plusandiphonex
Now that Apple has unveils new iPhones bit of what you need to know ttptad.com.ngappleunveilsiphone8iphone8plusandiphonex
Now that Apple has unveils new iPhones bit of what you need to know ttptad.com.ngappleunveilsiphone8iphone8plusandiphonex
Apple how about instead of taking important things from the iPhones you make stronger fucking screens you dick wads
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Mega salad home made apple mustard dressing zima tomatoes roasted Corn edamome lentils
Apple just put machine learning in your pocket
Ever since the iPhone X got released my phones been acting up bad. I swear apple controls your phone so you can get a new phone..
Designing for iPhone X  Fall 2017  Videos  Apple Developer
Apple AppleSupport all my messages is got deleted doing the new update.. this is ridiculous
awscloud Bring machine learning to iOS apps using Apache MXNet and Apple Core ML.
Top story An Apple executive just revealed tasty new details about Face ID we 
Hard to blame SHSanders45 knowing who her father is. Apple didnt fall far from the tree GovMikeHuckabee is on FireSarah
... Download complete... Apple Store or Google play today 
Its the Apple Store cords
I really want a Apple Watch but Im to cheap to make myself spend that kinda money
Apple has discontinued Apple Watch Series 2
Nine hahaha
Im still in the New Releases section on Apple Music so go check it ho. 
Why Apple and other tech companies are fighting to keep devices hard to repair
Apple my grandfather on his 85th birthday using EarPods he loves them thank you 
Hulu is spending more than Facebook and Apple  but far less than Netflix on content 
Farooq Butt on Twitter 2001 Nokia 6 global brand brand value 35B Apple i
Why would I be away from my phone
Same as air but no ones selling personal air compressors....YET...
. Apple s new product release event sends ripples through StockMarket 
Cran Apple by Loaded ReviewSarkazz Vapes
Thanks Apple
Apple made me pay for extra storage just for the reminder everyday
I make it a point to say bone apple teeth when I make something from scratch.
Apple would eventually make a AirPower mat so big that your can charge everything on it from Pencil all the way to MacBooks.
I think Illget the cheaper Samsung 8 without apple creating a profile of my face
first was candy apple . thanks nice price indietomajor albums languishing in chain stores. followed by land speed. a lot to process.
Apple DOESNT recommend coloring the statusbar area black. What the...
I liked a YouTube video
Microsoft and Apple have something in common they cant count to 9.
I find the idea of Apple Watch hilarious because who is ever away from their phone Cmon its 2017
Have porn blasting on the surround sound while eating Apple Jacks
I cant even afford a 4 month subscription to Apple music
The smartest way to upgrade to Apple s iPhone 8 or iPhone X It doesnt matter if you purchase the iPhone from Be...
My cinnamon apple spice tea just came in and I just want to drink it under a blanket and watch Halloween movies
Happy bday so to my guy BobbyBrackins keep shinning grinding  making another hit for the radio station... and Apple MusicSpotify.
Why is there no IPhone 9
pls tell me why crayola announces new colors like apple announces iphones
Facts doing the Apple program so I can upgrade next gen if I want too. Plus has AppleCare which I was gonna get anyway
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
Apple s Move to Kill Cookies Brings Plea From Six Major Trade Associations
Reactions to the iPhone X iPhone 88 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3 video  CNET
I liked a YouTube video
Can You See Me Now Apple iPhones Facial Recognition Excites Brands
Apple Upgrades TV Box to Stream HigherQuality Videos
A new favorite PPAP Pen Pineapple Apple Pen Remix BUY  FREE DOWNLOAD by Kenis One
Does it bother anybody else that apple is skipping the iPhone 9 Could be OCD or could be because that makes absolutely no sense.
never cracked. NOT ONCE. Hold your Apple phone wrong and the damn glass shadders. WTF IS UP WITH THAT
Ad industry complains Apple Safari update is unilateral and heavyhanded against tracking via r apple apple 
Its more of an apple sweetness that Ive never had before in a Saison. It hides the 9 well too.
A new favorite PPAP Pen Pineapple Apple Pen PUNYASO Remix by PUNYASO
Want an apple cider donut sundae
Computer Dont Kill Me is out now on iTunes Apple Music. Go check it out synthesizer synth alternativerock altrock newmusic 
May have to sell my Apple Watch and get the Series 3.
Apple needs to stop bullshitting and bring out the. iKick
digital RT brianmoran Tech Evangelist Scoblelizer to Dissect New Apple Technology for Marketers at DMAs THEN 
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
If anyone cares every Jonas Brothers album is finally on Apple Music
So what are we gonna do with this all future elements... I only need call text and internet so I can get a phone for 19 save 980
should I switch to Apple Music
Not enough for the rest of the night and that made him really angry. Sighing heavily he began to think who could have taken the apple pie
standards. You can buy Apple Watch Series 3 both the cellular and noncellular version and bring it to Rogers.
I Dont Know Whats Going On Here But Some Kind Of Discrimination Is There Against The Number 9 Both Microsoft  Apple Skipped It iPhoneX 
It was about time I joined the club Apple Watch 3 series
Apple Unveils iPhone X
Ditch Your Phone Apple s New Smartwatch Goes Cellular
Apple Aims to Take Augmented Reality Mainstream
Tried to be healthy  eat an apple . Now my stomach hurts
Convenience is truly important to myself as well Travis. Rogers will not carry Apple Watch at launch but it
12 Hi dannyrodri . A question  Apple Watch  Stainless Steel or Space Black Stainless Steel I was leaning towards de SBSS...
Is an Apple Watch worth it
I cant believe that apple wants 1000 for the new iPhone x... thats literally so outrageous
Okay im ready . This time I got apple juice instead of OJ
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
OMG how bomb do these Shredded Applesauce Chicken Sliders w Brussels Sprouts Apple Slaw from speckledpalate look
LMFAOOO I KEEP WATCHING THE CHER AND FUTURE COMMERCIAL WHEN IS THE APPLE MUSIC RELEASE
Apple iMac 27 Core i73770 QuadCore 3.4GHz AllinOne Computer  8GB 1TB GeForc
Its on
2016 Miss Apple Blossom Hannah Walters speaks about her yearYourGoshenNews 
Bring machine learning to iOS apps using Apache MXNet and Apple Core ML.
Really wanna get a new phone but since Apple started removing the headphone jack I dont think I want an iPhone. What do
Apple Store Apple 
iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus Apple Watch Series 3 With Builtin Cellular Arrive at ATT on Sept. 22
While waiting at the Apple Store in Motesando yesterday. cars lightningmcqueen apple 
Facial recognition came to Android like 5 years ago.. wireless charging like 3 years ago.. we also have gorilla Glass 5 screens.. join us
This probably sounds dumb but I wonder if Apple is trying to go old school with the latest iPhones. Jet Black 7 and the glass 8  3G and 4
iPhone X 256gb  apple watch 3 cellular  November is going to be an expensive month
I actually want the new Apple Watch and thats a first. I never cared for having the new phone or watch. This one looks awesome though
Please RT recipes food dessert Super Green Smoothie with Green Apple and Banana
So Apple users What will it be Apple iPhoneNews IphoneX iPhoneX iPhone8 iPhone8Plus iPhone Survey Phones AppleEvent
Shit call my phone ugly all u want say the camera quality ass you mf right but I aint letting verizon an apple phone company rob my ass
Lolol
Or shit a night to yourself. A man a McRib his thoughts an apple pie
Heres Why Tim Cook May Cut Apple s Biggest Deal in Japan  Bloomberg
theres no way you can tell me that Apple isnt low key clowning its customers
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Its apple man  they hit a button every year to malfunction our iphones to get us to buy the new one...
Apple s FaceID Could Be a Powerful Tool for Mass Spying 
Havent you heard about Apple Pay Cash  RIP Venmo 
Leave them the apple as a tip...just kidding I love those apples
An apple a day keeps the neigh be with already made OCs or CreatorOfPony and models of ponies.
Apple iPhone X 10 Brand New  Sealed 256GB Preorder  Available Nov 3 2017  eBay  Apple iPhone X...
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal in Japan
changes are inevitable but hate these kinda changes ALWAYS wrong this time iTunes  wrong thanks a lot Apple iTunes for the unwanted ones
 Apple explains what exactly happened when Face ID failed during iPhone X demo
Yung lips at adams apple my ghad
Apple Xbox you guys have twins 
Apple you were smart enough to put fast charging on new devices. But not a charger and wire with the device. AppleEventdisappointed
i wanna hug chenle. also he makes me want to finally get an apple watch
I get that AUX was gone for waterproofing the iPhone 7 yet Apple gave free lightning to aux adapters with every new iphone respect.
Some thoughts on Apple s September Event from Steve Jobs to iPhoneX 
Live 365 broadcasting says that they are Apple employees. I dont know why but I get as high as 25 Apple employees that listen.
No one told Apple to go out of their way and ask samsung to build half the shit installed in the iPhone x 
How to stop Facebook and Apple taking over the mobile phone industry  The Register
burned 491 calories doing 75 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
Apple Music is playing circa survive  I really dont know how to deal
NowPlaying Remy Ma  Remy Ma  Shether Dirty on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Ryans dinner tonight one 1 red apple and one 1 coors light
Wow. A feature that Samsung watches have had for a few years. Apple is so revelutinary
Is it hunting season Welcome ImpeccabIeDoe  I hope your bite of the apple was sweet. 
Zealot  Jo Thornely
Like Im time traveling the music in this joint went from Gaga to Nelly Furtado to Fiona Apple and now Cheryl Crow. A badass bouillabaisse
YOU BEAT ME TO IT
probably was faster for someone at apple to do a copy pasta than to think about an elegant solution
happy birthday to one of my favorite songwriter ever fiona apple .
I want the new Apple Watch but I also want the iPhone X What to buy first
TBT  Not A Clyde Available on Spotify Apple Music and everywhere else Full video is available on YouTube 
I liked a YouTube video
That info is stored on the device wired plus why targeting this new Apple technology when there are already many other ways to mass spy
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Whats the battery like
iPad  How to harness the power of the new Dock with iOS 11  Apple
green apple ft neon liner . 
Even on Apple Music 
Mfw the bottled water industry is slaughtering kidneys
Apple Watch tweaking man
i feel like buying these new wireless apple headphones was the best electronic i ever bought since the iphone 6s...honestly
You can count the seeds in an apple  but you cant count the apples in a seed. Who knows tomorrow quote quotesforlife
If Apple did this in the future Id come back to this tweet
Bring machine learning to iOS apps using Apache MXNet and Apple Core ML.
Apple Releases macOS High Sierra Golden Master Candidate to Developers and Public Beta Testers 
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
An Apple executive just revealed tasty new details about Face ID we didnt know
apple 
NEED PostMalone new rockstar on Apple Music ASAP
Itll probably cost only a bazillion dollars. Meh Ill wait
Hmm I really dont know then. The genius at the Apple Store told me never to drain the batterybut to power down the phone regularly. lol
Apple can and should keep W1 and its hardware tweaks to themselves.
I havent even got to 8 glasses yet
NB anytime apple releases a new phone the number of scammers and hoes increases not 4getting the bosschicks
Success at the Apple Tower Challenge qrspride openschoolnightfun 
Omg someone else has an apple on their desk... where am I
Spotify Nigga upgrade to a Apple Music
100 Genuine Original Apple Earpods with Olokaa TMbrand Headphone Case by OLOKAA
Reactions to the iPhone X iPhone 88 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3  Video  CNET
Hey Mac guys... do you know if Apple had an iOS remote for keynote
Apple and Amazon take two paths to the same conclusion  that tech companies owe nothing to the American city  Lo
i told my friend about the remix and and was trying to listen but doesnt have spotify or apple music or anything...
Apple s iPhone Event Saw A Sharp Drop In Traffic For Porn
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Powermats At Starbucks To Be Updated To Support Apple s iPhones
Advertisers Up In Arms Over Safari s Smarter Cookie Blocking Feature
Sell advertising on both sides its a captive audience. Apple  PepsiCo on a digital wall. They pay by the month.
Apple is turning a design quirk into the iPhone Xs defining feature
Oshirisu rrx09 Premium Apple Headphones EarphonesEarbuds With Stereo Microphone and Remo..1.96..
Apple Watch Series 3 first look 
FREE Indie Music App for IPhone SOON  just waiting for Apple to approve the app
LITechNews  Nick Sampson talks about Faraday unveils electric SUV at CES Apple China Construction
But you cant make a phone waterproof or shatterproof. Great thanks.
Steve Jobs Theatre secrets. Apple architecture
I dont want no Samsung parts in my Apple phone bro. 
Video shows how the Apple iPhone X Face ID will work 
For the first time in 7 years I cracked my phone screen. This wont work. Time to head to the Apple Store
Apple need an upgrade Can you trade in your old watch towards a new series 3
Im waiting for that Tpain 5 in the morning see through iphone. When Apple get that in order then we can talk 
Apple s way of convincing you to upgradeeeee
they did that not for looks but to make BILLIONS on repairs. A huge ripoff I have dropped my SAMSUNG 100S of times and my screen has
Am I the only one that thinks Apple should include FaceTime voicemails in the next update
Why would I lie What purpose do I have
Anyone looking to preorder a new iPhone or Apple Watch on Verizon go to
Whats up with the number 9 Windows and Apple are skipping it No Windows 9 and No iPhone 9
Lol niggasss used to be 6 feet tall bopping and shit looking like the cinnamon roll off of Apple Jacks
I dont get this in tech replace what we have with what we came up within. Apple can add Face ID with Touch ID...
Hey apple you only reply when I post publicly but your guy took my money had me erase photos and then hung up when they didnt come back
New to who
Ive been drinking water ALL DAY Why do I feel like Im dehydrated 
SafetyMentalst SAYS YOU ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE  Guyatt671 zorjur5  Guyatt671 HOPE YOU SLEEP ALL DAY LONG  SAFETY FIRST PAL 
I liked a YouTube video
But then that would mean theyre copying the look the S8 has had since March and thats a big nono for Apple .
Watch  Run
I own a network marketing business and were linked to stores like Apple TargetForever 21 you make profit for online shopping
Its been a long day so its time to eat my ass. Bone apple teeth
Everything Apple announced at its iPhone X keynote
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Its homophobic and also specific to probably only me but we that the explicit version of Fergalicious isnt on Apple Music
basically we saying that apple is BOMB
that cellular isnt enough for me to switch from the series 2 Apple Watch. i like the improvements to watchOS tho
170826  Interview with Taiwan Apple
Adding to my when Im done writing list make caramel sauce make apple pie go to the movies find new favorite cocktail spot.
Me gust un video de YouTube
Finally getting around to updating my Apple Music recommendations and playlists
Apple s FaceID Could Be a Powerful Tool for Mass Spying
Any on Apple Watch
Better than ever. Apple and others including features to make those pictures and videos look better is at least partially responsible
Keep my commandments and live And my teaching as the apple of your eye. Proverbs 72 Bible
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week 
I am an Apple enthusiast however it is time for them to make some meaningful  significant updates to their Contacts App its been years
False. Kevin had 2 push the button throw the comp wo getting caught and he made Josh get the golden apple .. What Cody do MythOfCody Bop
Apple s security features and practices are the best in the business. Theyve thought about this problem.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular vs GPSOnly Whats the Difference
Yea Im pretty sick of Apple
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Advertisers are furious with Apple for new tracking restrictions in Safari 11  The Verge
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
SamsungMobile never seen anything like it
Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
RT agreennonprofit  Tell Your Nonprofits Story Like Apple
HotNew  8 Oshirisu rrx09 Premium Apple Headphones EarphonesEarbuds With Stereo Microphone and Remote Control
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
How is your Apple Watch battery
Apple s FaceID Could Be a Powerful Tool for Mass Spying
Green apple  watermelon are the best but green apple got more alcohol in it. You pick
Apple Sherman Oaks just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
They crash no doubt about it cant even lie .... not one app has crashed on you Issa lie
So much fall in this Fire Apple Mule
markrussinovich Im pretty sure apple s team is reading this article now cloud cybersecurity
Tutu App is the best shit for Apple users. Lets you download videos from FBIGSnap....anything straight to ur phone.
sarahsoave lol you thought that Apple was real
Missed your alarm this morning Come and let our experts deal with your Apple Watch problem today drgadget 
Reactions to the iPhone X iPhone 88 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3
I will  I have a better chance on getting a discount on wireless headphones at Apple
apple edge to edge you say. more like bezels of 2007 iphone edge to 2007 iphone edge iphone1genbezellookinass iPhoneX SamsungMobileUS 
I love you so much my apple cinnamon roll honey bunches of oats 
I want an Apple watch
Celebrating Oktoberfest with GoUSDAlumni in NYC Lots of great USDToreros in the Big Apple . 
My mom knows Im sick  stressed out so she made me apple pie cause she knows its my favorite I luv her so much moms are so under appreciated
That stuffed pepper look like a rotten apple
Pen pineapple apple  pen
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s new iPhone and retail town centers mark the companys ascendance to empire ibogost writes
It works independently of your phone. That is the difference.
That would be more manly
Going to halloweekend apple orchards and haunted houses do sound fantastic
Apple can only produce 10000 iPhone Xs a day ya boy might settle for an 8 plus
johnjohnston wondering if you have had any experience w recording  transcribing audio in the Apple ecosystem Looking for alternatives ..
Apple shaped women at risk of a deadlier breast cancer
Apple iPhone X 10 Brand New  Sealed 256GB Preorder Hand Delivered  eBay
Apple crisp is acceptable but straight apple over apple pie makes me question humanity.
Apple Music AND Spotify So u cant even be loyal to one music server 
cdtellier SophieNoelle1 natashazimbaro LeahWestMusic imdeanyoung  others your music on my station gets heard by people at Apple .
Apple shaped women at risk of a deadlier breast cancer
iPhone 8  iPhone in a Whole New Light  Apple 
RT MacRumors Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
VenrapRadio The Question Is uyangithandana  If you do download our App on Apple or Google play VenrapRadio
RT TFTCS RT BloombergTV Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal in Japan
These watches in the past did not have an accurate heart monitor .
This Is How Doctors Use Apple Cider Vinegar
Im feeling kind of iPhoneZ. See what I did there
Hehahahahaha. I also hear that spotify radio is better then the apple music radio.
KevinOLearyCPC just so u know... I DO NOT want L.V.Bag OR Apple cell There r MANY women like me too Like not all bald men r nice
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Watermelon with mango and green apple pearls. Yum tinybubbles bubbletea Historic Marietta
The Apple Byte HD Reactions to the iPhone X iPhone 88 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3
Finally post Malone song on Apple Music Ive been waiting on this since forever .
Joe Russell wants a watch that thinks about sport between the 3 sec intervals of thinking about sex then go blank  stop thinking altogether
All that free water will herniate your brain like a zit popping.
Is that apple pan
BeerBodsPlus S3xB11 via WildBeerCo  autumnal duh smoky nose but not overpowering sweet toffee  tart apple  WB always deliver...
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple only think about only their profits not middle class Americans biggest Economy in the World who cant afford iPhone 8 how SAD.
I plan to. Can you add it to Apple Music
 apple does it on purpose so that youre more likely to buy the next new phone that came out.
Snapchat says otherwise.
What chance Apple are losing money on the Mac business I wonder.
ATT can I use Apple Watch series 3 on your prepaid network
Call apple lol
someone sell me their Apple Watch cheap thx brokecollegekid
I am not gettinh one. I have a life 
iainlee Apple Pie
Has a Apple Watch owner its a waste of money ... ask for it has a gift dont spend your money
Apple UNVEILS the iPhoneX iPhone8 and MORE and AppleEvent  vid
ELEOPTIONTM LV Grid PU Leather Wallet Type Magnet Design Flip Case for Apple iPhone 6 Plus ..
This has to be the most annoying tweet ever.
HudsonValley Apple Picking  Farm Fun HudsonValleyKids UlsterCounty OrangeCountyNY DutchessCounty UpstateNY
Hey Apple  I dont care how many features your new phone has. Just stop auto correcting my ducking words like botch and cant
You still NEED a iPhone Ill be interested in the iWatch once its free FULLY .. I have a iPod  iPad I dont want a iPhone..
Omfg Apple 
SUNWORTHY APPLE WALLPAPER BORDER SELF STICK 4.5 X 5 yards GREEN CHECK
I miss SteveJobs . Apple has jumped the shark
Apple hey go fuck yourself. Your Live Photos is the stupidest thing ever.
I agree. Their situation is unique. May require a unique solution. I taught these kids. Most as American as apple pie. People dont get that
Apple crown n Apple juice
Driftless Regions Crawford County busy with cycling art and apple fests this fall
I just want to be able to use my Apple Watch whenif my phone dies Apple . .
Apple s new iPhones will finally support wireless charging although we should note that they support the Qi...
everyones talkin about pumpkin spice and im just hype for caramel apple suckers
Apple announces new iPhone in the coming weeks mysteriously my current iPhone starts running slower. AppleEvent
Apple been copying Samsung like FUCK though with body designs... the I phone 6 and the iPhone x are almost plagiarized...
Wearing Apple Watch out tonight. 
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Shoutout to my mom for getting Apple Music
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
I love all the Apple fanboys on here trying to burn samsung but that was savage
Teaching my parents how to use Apple iCloud over the phone
iPhone X  Apple Watch 3.
kinda wanna cop an apple watch
EveryApplePro thoughts on apple paying a crazy amount to Samsung for the OLED screens
Caseology Cases for iPhone 87 iPhone 8 Plus7 Plus iPhone X Galaxy Note 8 Apple Watch
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
iPhone 6S Charger iOrangeE 10Ft Apple Certified 2 Pack iPhone 6S Cord with Aluminum Connector..
I want an Apple Watch
How to Take a Screenshot on Apple iPhone X With the Home Button Gone
Okay but why have I all of sudden really started to want an Apple Watch
It seems that Apple cant seem to launch new features for its products without courting some kind of controversy....
Its impossible to see North Korea as an isolated country. Apple s stock turns on manufacturing and chip cost. China and Korea matter a ton.
Candy Apple Grey was the first LP vinyl I brought with my own money
Classic is during marathons where inexperienced runners keep drinking water feeling worse drinking more water. Then they die.
Lots of cool new features for the iPhoneX... and by that I mean new to Apple . Android users have already had these new features
im friends w an apple store caro has three macs an apple tv apple watch apple pencil an iphone and an ipad bruh
What a joke Preorder 2 year old tech Apple is washed up folks Nothing NEW in a decade Nothing but poorly complimented stolen ideas
Apple suffers embarrassing demo Face ID fail at iPhone X launch
I liked a YouTube video
I voted for pie of course but I see apple crisp is taking a lead also a good choice lol
Apple Music just said yass now I really wanna switch
The iPhone 8 Release Could Help Push Apple to 1 Trillion
These Apple iPhone Supplier Stocks Are Ones You Must Own Now Goldman Sachs. In avgo
Apple is a over priced copy of the number one tec SUMSUNG  ANDROID which runs apps and IO far more smoother. By the way all glass wtf
Buy Cheap 8 Oshirisu rrx09 Premium Apple Headphones EarphonesEarbuds With Stereo Microphone and Remote Control
Fairweather and wishy washy. Its hard to listen to her anyway because I usually cant stop staring at her Adams apple .
Apple  florida just had a cat 5 hurricane Apple  lets release two new iphones
how about you apple guys make it so you could change the song from your headphones instead of taking your phone out every time
Hi my startup Ipat design innovation has a biggest projects for Apple s phones and her society. UNESCO LeonJuste
Goodbye
Too much overlap. Doesnt feel quite complete. An Apple employee once told me to always wait for the 2nd gen of new Apple tech.
Finding electronics to download app on Apple and google pushing them out. Competitors.
me putting orders on all the new apple devices 
Probably not a priority on Apple TV remote.
They shouldve just put the fingerprint scanner underneath the Apple logo at the back
In a world of curves displays and magical Super amoled displays I dont get how apple can think this phone is attractive in any ways...
Kodacon Apple  Inc.s Epic Face ID Fail Not a Fail After All. Read Blog
Apple The iPhone X Is An Engineering Marvel But Its Not A Reinvention Of The Smartphone. Read more
Apple The iPhone X Is An Engineering Marvel But Its Not A Reinvention Of The Smartphone. Read more
I liked a YouTube video
Lemme go ahead and see if this apple cider vinegar detox thing actually works
The Apple support scam calls are incessant. Weve received 4 today and more in previous days.
Apple s free app of the week INKS.
Apple says too many faces ruined its Face ID stage demo 
Good job apple
First time drinking Apple Cider Vinegar. So all of these time drinking Emperador was all part of the training for this one. Its strong AF.
Apple says too many faces ruined its Face ID stage demo... TOO MANY DUMMIES MASQUERADING AS STEVE JOBS. AppleNews
Dear Harvard Thomas Drake works at a local Apple store. I think hes one of the most extraordinary dissenters of our time.
Im in love with the new Apple Watch
Apple I asked Siri to call my mom and it gave me an article on Matthew McConaughey. Explain.
I finally made these red onion  caramelized apple hellofresh flat breads  omg. Drooling.
Introducing my kids to blind apple tasting Hoping to teach them to judge food by taste not by
Ill take Apple s working opt out over ad industrys do not track doesnt have an agreed meaning so well ignore any day Microsoft
Apple Might Contribute 3B To Buy Toshibas Storage Business 
.. around in the middle of the room. Over a console of anything else I know  1 example but plenty of better examples surely
This is the 4th time I had to replace the Apple 3.5mm headphone jack adapter flimsy cheap wtfapple
Can Apple unlock promise of facial recognition
I will never give Apple my face.
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
Baking this week Try our Cinnamon Raisin Loaf with Apple Pie Butter
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
pineapple apple juice riding a llama
Apple s New Animojis Are the Latest Sign That Brands Need to Embrace Augmented Reality
I liked a YouTube video
victims of acid attacks are getting locked out of their iPhone Xs Apple s Islamophobia problem Heres a freebie Salon voxdotcom
Everyones excited about Apple new iPhoneX while Im here super stoked about my new FreestyleLibre yay for type1diabetes T1D 
Hulu is spending more than Facebook and Apple  but far less than Netflix on content 
Seriously dislike the Apple store. Trying to by a new iPad  seriously cant any help but lots of employees standing around
Apple Infinite Loop just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Every Major Advertising Group Is Blasting Apple for Blocking Cookies in the Safari Browser
He took me apple picking fall fallishere apples applepicking pyo pietree pietreeorchard 
I liked a YouTube video
Screw My iPhone I Just Want The New Apple Watch
Your opinion  hopefully your next phone is a Samsung and not an Apple phone . Plus the iPhone X does have a lot of cool features so ..
Fuck Apple valley
Hey yall Follow me on here and subscrabe to ma You tube channel  Apple Bucking Master Hyuck
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
The Apple Watch drops tomorrow right
So US Corporates have raised 1 trillion this year thru bond issuance but why does Apple need a billion dollars its got c.300 billion in cash
My Favorite Hat is APPLE HAT SUPERFRAN
good thing Apple is working hand in hand with crazy gfs on new iPhones
Apple life Apple
Thought the demo could have been better. 1 mans opinion but zero interest in playing a video game on a table that I have to stand..
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Leave user422 alone 
It could be a similar situation to when Jobs left Apple
when apple says the iphone x wont be released until november
Liking iOS 11 so far. Its beta but I think apple might have done pretty good. Couple thinks that I dont like.
Bruh Apple . My Moto G doesnt have a home button either. Stop ya braggin.
The only apps that arent in my app drawer are eight apps that you swipe from the side to see 
I liked a YouTube video
an Apple store is a town square   uhm that would be no startups
Can not wait to pre order my apple watch in the real morning EE
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple s Fifth Retail Store in Beijing Opens November 28
Apple just put machine learning in your pocket
Apple Puts a Neural Engine Inside the iPhone
All time popular Apple Pie but in a Jar  Nobake nofuss with these buttery syrupy spicy desser
Search iWishMusic on Apple Music Spotify Itunes SoundCloud YouTube NewMusic
NEW Sealed Apple iPhone SE 32GB Space Gray ATT Prepaid
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1419 27 MF125LLA Late 2013 i74771 3.5GHz 3TB HDD 8GB GTX 775M
Stars raise 14M 5M of which came from apple  jjwatt raises 33M. Shows u what America is
...AirPower charged Apple TV remote too
Apple iPad 9.7 Giveaway
RT brianmoran Tech Evangelist Scoblelizer to Dissect New Apple Technology for Marketers at DMAs THEN conference 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac ME087LLA 21.5 All in one 2.90GHz Core i54570S 256GB SSD 16GB 
phone was on 25. plugged it in. 47. nice one apple
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
and me Apple Sidra p  how r u brotherrrrrrrr 
TFTCS RT BloombergTV Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal in Japan
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
Apple shipped me a replacement in less than 24 hours and upgraded my phone
Yep. Expect more of this from others. Dat was based on the topic the other day  once Apple gets involved it gets a whole lot more real.
I just hope apple doesnt release an X9 before capcom
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
People say Samsung phones are shitty but Apple out here using a majority of Samsung parts in the iPhone including that OLED on the X. yikes
Apple s A11 Bionic Chip In iPhone 8 and iPhone X Smokes Android Handsets In Early Benchmarks
should i get a apple watch
What time 
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
apple music 
Apple iPhone X name revealed in leaked iOS 11 firmware via Verge forward2me BuyintheUK
I liked a YouTube video
The timing of this announcement probably isnt coincidental seeing as how Apple will start taking preorders for...
Tech Talk will have five Apple Distinguished Educators on hand. Plenty of action for gafe fans too
Things Apple s iPhone Helped Destroy
Tech Talk will have five Apple Distinguished Educators on hand. Plenty of action for gafe fans too
We need 4 to 6 volunteers to promote the Maryland Faerie Festival at Darlington Apple Fest on Oct. 7. Is it you
Wtf I dont receive this treatment from Apple 
Why did meek take team rich off Apple music
Samsung does same thing and is cheaper. Apple doesnt create but copy
Saying  apple music should be free because i have an iPhone is like saying you should get free electricity because you bought a house.
It worked but again it doesnt let me share my apple Music playlists anoying.
Nah looks more...essential with samsung capabilities
Honestly I just want to go to the apple orchardpumpkin patch and pick the perfect pumpkin and consume apple cider and donuts like
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Stop Motion Studio Lesson Ideas  Apple Education  Education... Education
No because apple will revoke illegal apps nobody will stop that.
Apple Tower Challenge qrspride 
Aint About It New Music produced by yours truly Apple Music
Dat mf look like a Apple Android
kinda upset because I dont have apple music to listen to that remix but this video healed my wounds 
Sometimes I eat them like an apple .
https twitter.comSteffanysilvad 1status908454092107681792  is us first video on youbue well hope you like it and give us a like or suscrive and we goin made diferents things..
atyazin youre wrong about Apple . Face recognition and AR will get users to subconsciously adopt AR helping screens go vertical.
Not gonna lie this is what IPhone users imagine when they say android sucks
I switched to a Samsung Galaxy Note and came back to Apple . It had nothing to do with Andriod just the Samsung product.
why am I subjected to Fucking apple commercials. dont u have enough money
An Apple executive just revealed tasty new details about Face ID we didnt know
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
The new album is on Apple Music. I downloaded it but havent listened to it yet. Sounds like some good tailgating music for Saturday
http newswallet.co iPhone X can reinforce consumer loyalty to Apple ecosystem Expert...
At Apple s iPhone event a few days ago the company unveiled not just its new iPhones but it also unveiled the...
Apple s thing ten years ago was doing things well instead of halfassed spaghetti throwing now theyre just Samsung
Ya salio el Apple Watch 3
RT BloombergTV Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal in Japan
Apple explains Face ID onstage failure  BBC News
Love mine. Welcome to the Apple Watch club
No hate just being real. I will agree that companies may move faster because its Apple but hey better late then never. I could care less
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
I wouldve been pissed if at was my apple juice
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Rhubarb strawberry OR cranberry grape or apple
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
apple
ATTENTION APPLE FACE ID WILL NOT BE DISTRIBUTED ON CHINA 
APPLE ipad air 2 wifi 16gb 64gb 128gb 279.99
I dont like FaceID myself but this shit is written by someone who either didnt watch Apple s presentation or didnt understand it.
Apple picking Apple Holler
TopNewsNow Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
I liked a YouTube video
The internet thinks Arya Stark could bust iPhones Face ID wide open After Apple announced unlocking on the new 
Hsker D  Dont Want to Know If You Are Lonely  Candy Apple Grey 1986
Please RT vegetarian vegan healthyfood recipes Apple Almond Farro Salad
RT DetroitBORG  Apple explains what exactly happened when Face ID failed during iPhone X demo
Ad industry attacks Safaris effort to protect your privacy  CNET A feature in Apple s upcoming browser makes it
Thats apple for you
Everything We Know About Apple s Mystery Event on Sept. 12
I want apple crisp
Android ninjas will say its shitty but for Apple this is the best phone so far cant lie with facts but still not perfect
Because idiots with more money than sense are the bulk of apple s consumers and target market duh 
Victor Apple Farm reopens after 2016 fire
elonmusk have Apple ask you for
Id rather buy the GooglePixel2 and take awesome pics of me swimming in the extra 300 I didnt spend on the NewiPhone NewiPhone
my phone dies so mf fast now that the iphone 8 was released like we all know u doin it on purpose Apple
I spent 1 hour and 5 minutes working out with Apple Health. 385 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 1 hour and 5 minutes working out with Apple Health. 368 calories burned. LoseIt
This Is How Doctors Use Apple Cider Vinegar
Im guessing your only question to a prospective assistant would be Do you know where the closest 711 is located
That is a lot but it looks cool
And sharing is actually accessible. I had a heck of a time with stuff not reading correctly when setting up apple music sharing yesterday
I spent 30 minutes working out with Apple Health. 184 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple explains what caused Face ID to fail during its iPhone X demo
Where was Apple s IoT stuff and blockchain for the electrical grid
Cool slap on the wrist Twitter Ill never potentially abuse Apple again. 
apple iphonex should know the boundary between a phone and a computer...super fine with my 6..
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Soft drink by Mrs. Green Apple is so good
Apple s Digital Camera Check out the WORST Apple products of all time
Speaking  Mrs. GREEN APPLE NowPlaying 
X6 Smart Watch with Camera Support 32G TFcard  GPRS Function Smartwatch for Apple Android Cellphones
i keep making my dad call lol. they had to order a part. they couldve fucking told me and i wouldve paid apple to do it in two days
Hacker News  Apple s New iPhones Have a Nasty Surprise
basically the profile still works and the app IS revoked but I had it open when APPLE revoked so it sort of still works 
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple s New iPhones Have A Nasty Surprise
Anybody want to buy an Apple or iTunes giftcard for PayPal or msp
The iPhone 8 has a smaller battery than the iPhone 7 but Apple claim its not an issue  NEWS
Still sucks
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
apple can kiss my ass never would I buy a phone worth more than my car My 35 ANDROID works just fine Love this
so sales guys have been running apple since before steve jobs died
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
Apple My iPhone 5 is the last smartphone for me dont want Orwellian face scan. Bummed you became the evil empire not the peoples phone
It took 10 years but Apple finally made an iPhone I cant stand. The more I think about and see the iPhone X the uglier it gets.
so....basically its a samsung with an apple logo nice.
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Take 399 off Apple s 2017 15inch MacBook Pro w Touch Bar now under 2000
Where was Apple s IoT stuff and blockchain for the electrical grid
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch
Apple s New iPhones Have A Nasty Surprise
Apple is gonna sell you a 1000 dollar iPhone and still make you pay for Apple Music.
I just want apple juice
How to PreOrder Apple s iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal in Japan
Brisket is always delicious but nothing beats a fresh baked apple pie with a hint of honey in the crust
Now I would get the I Phone X BUT apple needa chill w these prices... that bitch is a rack... well see what the payment plan talm bout tho
Cats Eye Apple Necklace w Crystal Leaf Handmade NorthCoastCottage Jewelry
Can u even afford it
Theta Apple Pie... Trust the process allibutow
Apple to your orange there have been countless times Ive been corrected Thats C.a.r.r.i.l.l.o right Me always Wrong. sigh
Guest I get the new Apple Watch
 nigga said my head look like an apple  Imao
DAVID I TOO used to eat red onions raw like an apple  I would still do it if I my husband wouldnt divorce me over the stench.
Do you have the iTunes app on your phone  an Apple account
Apple is piggybacking on Samsung. This tech isnt innovative. Its late to the game. Steve Jobs is gone and so is their originality.
Cramer Wall Street Analysts Are Wrong on Apple s iPhone
See differential privacy pioneered by Apple
Found it on twitter. You should put your name on them because no one would know its yours if they didnt find it on your page lol
Apple sued Microsoft in late 80s90s because they claimed Microsoft stole the interface of the gui. even though Apple stole it from xerox
Tres chic With New York Fashion Week underway it is imperative any Big Apple 
apple iPhone X  Introducing l
I liked a YouTube video
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week. I Hate Everything.
See is it worth it using it like that I mean I can use apple Music natively.
Went apple picking yesterday and now making an apple pie with my mama
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
2001 Nokia 6 global brand brand value 35B Apple is 49 value 5.4B 2017 Nokia not in top 100 brands Apple is 1 value 178B 
And stop trying to defend your I made better than Apple in 5min concept. They worked on it way more than you. Good night
This things a joke lmao
How to preorder Apple TV 4K AppleEvent AppleTv AppleTV4K Apple iOS11 PreOrder SuperNerdyToys
This is exactly what you are quitting if you purchase an apple iphone 8 or iPhone 8 Plus tomorrow  BGR
A quand les tendances YouTube motard
I bought the more expensive stainless steel apple watch  I love it but in hindsight not necessary
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
OpenBox Certified Apple  Macbook  12 Display  Intel Core M3  8GB Memo...
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
I liked a YouTube video
No nudes thx to APPLE
Deuces theme at preschool last week was A is for Apple ...so our
Liked on YouTube Apple Watch Series 3 y Apple TV 4K estas son sus novedades
The motherfucker may there be nodules on Adams apple
Apple s New iPhones Have a Nasty Surprise
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
To the guy in front of me in the dining hall who mixed his apple juice and ginger ale  thank you for changing my life.
I miss my Apple Music
MacBook just got out did by HP the new Desktop  Tabelt out does MacBook. Apple is second best at best lol
Apple s New iPhones Have A Nasty Surprise
Spiced apple cider please
really want an Apple Watch. So bad
iPad  How to harness the power of the new Dock with iOS 11  Apple
I pay monthly
I will never buy Apple again
Ad industry attacks Safaris effort to protect your privacy  CNET A feature in Apple s
iPhone X  Introducing iPhone X  Apple
I swear apple have something in their software where the iPhone start acting up around September
So am I the only one worried about the robot uprising now that Apple has perfect copies of all our fingerprints and faces...
Honestly though all of these plans for gifts for other people but if you dont treat yourself how the hell you gonna treat somebody else
me i wanna make apple crisp my sick feeble body prepare to rest fuckass
They have an apple pie flavor out now. Its pretty awesome.
But its only for Apple smhhh
Its so cold. I hate being cold .....this is a day for movies in bed while drinking apple cider so why I am I not doing any of that
Well I cant believe Apple is removing the ability to manage apps from iTunes for its users. Thats just disadvantageous to PC users.
So yall can add all that but still no camera to FaceTime
Apple headquarters BTW Im taking a break in meme making  Imgflip
DID THEY DEADASS MAKE A HOME BUTTON FOR THE APPLE X AJSBJSBSHSBSBS
Cool
Were unsure of the cost of the plan for the apple watch. You get more information on this on pricing on the release date of the watches NS
Dear Apple  Please never release daveyskins and my text convo. Thanks in a advance.
Advertisers are furious with Apple for new tracking restrictions in Safari 11
I would miss Apple Music a lot more than I miss that 10.
Boy You were my king I was the Apple of your eyeee I been thinking bout lately Lets give it one More tryy
Name your price for 37 hours of instruction in developing for the latest Apple iOS
ever since i learned what apple is in german i keep typing it as appel and i have to stare at it for a while before realising its wrong 
Is it worth the money
Apple explains Face ID onstage failure  BBC News
Things Apple s iPhone Helped Destroy
5 days away from our Eli Apple signing Plus DraftKings has a pretty cool promo built in to
I retract this statement. The iPhone X looks great
Apple s Face ID will support only one registered face per iPhone at launch
Oh boy Ive been so worried about being out of touch when Im on the toilet. Thank you for solving this critical problem
Im making your turkey apple butternut squash chili tonight. smellsamazing
apple pls stop doing that thing where older iphones act weird cuz the new one is about to drop. pls thnx
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Agreed. Always under sell over deliver. Apple knows that formula well.
I really wanna Gucci Apple Watch band
MacRumors Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
A dozen companies could have built the iPhone X. Why did they let Apple do it best
God damn I love me a crunchy apple
send me your apple music playlists
Google  Apple Muscling in on Motor Industry
LMFAO
i need a Apple Watch
my parents are picking me up at 10am saturday for apple picking and im already hungover
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want DTI
think imma get an apple watch
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple s New iPhones Have A Nasty Surprise  Forbes
Time 2 take fresh look this idea Apple CEO Tim Cook says repatriation tax should be mandatory levy
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Actually I want my phone to do less juicecan
Sure hope audiblecom is working on great Apple Watch LTE support.
Still in shock that Tim Cook CEO OF APPLE  says expecially.
Apple EMBEDDEDGPUDrivers. Confirmed Apple building a standalone GPU.
Apple only won cause California has always been pro Apple including judges. if the lawsuit was in Texas Samsung would of won
Damn expensive
God Apple u dont have to advertise the IPhone X no 1 wants it well all buy it anyway save urself a few bucks.
The money lost momentum and the bills were piling high and the smile had finally faded from the apple of their eye.
Are you ready for the Apple Splash
Gotta take it to apple and let them update it it happened to mine
why does apple cider vinegar even exist
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
When youve just finished buying iPhone from 3 years ago and then apple decides to drop iPhone X. 
Cramer Analysts Are Wrong on Apple s iPhonex Young ppl see everything as the ability to explore the unexplorable
Whos waking up to preorder something from Apple 
iPad Case 9.7 Apple iPad Air Case iPad Pro 12.9 Sleeve Custom Fit iPad Case 12
VanGoddy Laptop Sleeve Case Cover Bag For Apple MacBook Air Pro 13.3 15 15.6
Apple s got the energy to cut your wires
apple seriously do it
why would someone pay basically 1000 for a phone thats some BS apple . youve got people whipped if theyre willing to pay that.
I think I will stick with my S8
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Do you have this one It seems sketchy that its SO much less than the Apple one 
Watch apple slowly go down like blackberry with this new iPhone 8 launch
Always something interesting in the tech world As Apple iPhone X hype cools Google spools up new Pixel 2 comp...
When shes settling for Chad from Sigma Apple Pie when she deserves a guy like Thomas Rhett 
Legalremedybrew Alternate Apple Watermelon Wheat. Like a jollyrancher scbeer craftbeer
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MINT CONDITION 1010 via eBay
Im still that guy that tries to slide to unlock his iPhone Apple
Growlers To GoGo  Growlerstogogo  One Barrel Sour Apple  onebarrelbrewco  is on replacing Upland Cherry Sour  UplandBrewCo 
One Barrel Sour Apple  onebarrelbrewco  is on replacing Upland Cherry Sour  UplandBrewCo 
If its constructed well it should be durable but well Apple has had questionable construction in the past
Candy Apple 1.50 Celebrating Canada150 westernfair2017 funfood 
NEW Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Silver via eBay
Apple You no do again ne
Kitty and apple tree 
seems like apple watch screens more durable than iphone screens.
Apple yall aint slick Stop playing with my phone bc Im still NOT upgrading 
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
Someone buy me an Apple Watch
Apple music is actually shit y r there never any songs I waaaaant
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
An Apple executive just revealed tasty new details about Face ID we didnt know
Should you buy an Apple Watch
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
For only a thousand dollars you get a headphone jack and all the features of a Galaxy S7
iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector Tech Armor High Definition HDClear Apple iPhone 7 Plus Screen..
Reduce the cords charge your Apple devices together with AirPower in 2018
I bet Apple would drop it in a heartbeat if we had the technology for true bezeless displays
New song So Long is out now on Spotify Apple Music iTunes etc. It was great working on
Ok so Apple apparently is now using roman numerals for their iPhones now. We dont need them in the Roman numerals.
P.S. my parents wouldnt get it for me sooooooo
I Had A Dream Someone Brought Me The Apple Watch Series 3.
1150 in EU for the basic model
Great deals on Apple products
Funky Filtered Apple Loops packs available now introductory offer 9.99 for Vol 1  2
I agree
Apple s New Face ID Biometric System Works in the Dark and When Your Face is Obscured by Hats and Beard
Wow one new feature an extra 200
Because Canadian English is so much different than American English ios11 apple 
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
Which android phone are you talking about Android is and operating system not a phone maker 
I want one. I want one. Omg omg I want one. 
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch  Do you need AppleCare for your Apple Watch or is standard A...
Im waiting till 2018 apple
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
apple iphone5 iphone6 Stylish Case For iPhone
apple or android  AnDrOiD
London Mac Repair Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week. AppleMasterRace AppleGaming
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray  Straight talk
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
Just download the debit card to your apple wallet  some places let you use your phone to pay for stuff
Thanks RIZKNOWS for the knowledge dropped on new Apple Watch 3 vs 2. Curious if you think it will replace your Garmin Felix 5
The iPhone X will ship with a brandnew version of iOS 11  Apple has given us enough iPhone X spec sheets and ...
Apparently the iPhone market is maturing... can Apple s 8 and X smash its quarterly revenue records morescreenmorevenue 
Apple Watch Series 3 vs. Fitbit Ionic vs. Garmin Vivoactive 3
Has anyone elses phone got 10x slower since this Apple launch lmao
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
Apple Iphone X  IPhone 8 Finally Released via YouTube
Apple iPad Air 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Gold  Excellent Condition  Complete
Hey Apple the release date for iPhone X will be my 21st birthday. Dont you think itd be superb to get my hands on an iPhone X
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Interesting question whats stopping tech giants Google and Apple from saving healthcare 
I enjoyed this iPhone X and Everything Apple Announced
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch iMore
anything that is not apple is good tbh like LG. the new LG V30 looks great in my opinion and the S7 and S8 look really nice.
LDEATH NOTE iPhoneX iPhone8 Apple 
Samsung continues to fight Apple
Samsung continues to fight Apple
Samsung continues to fight Apple
Reason I never buy apple
BAD APPLE  The Horror Show With Brian Keene  Ep 133
Targets Sales Floors Are Switching From Apple To Android Devices slashdot
Pumpkins are nice but its all about apple spice Were loving these apple cocktails with a little bit of bite
Answers to your questions about apple s new iPhone via nytimes 
 GM  MGA  ITW  AN  KMX  Cramer Got the Apple FANG Blues Look for a Rotation
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
Yesterdays Apple Event Was as Bananas as We Expected
Apple iPhone X Event in 10 Minutes Like Us fb
Of all things to crave im craving an apple right now
How to virtually try on both Apple Watch sizes with the Apple Store App
perks is fine I dont care who includes Spotify or Apple Music or Netflix or even a blockbusters subscription but dont limit the devices
Shoes clothes food and anything apple .
What to Expect From Apple s Neural Engine in the A11 Bionic SoC  ExtremeTech
I liked a YouTube video
Ich mag das YouTube Video
Okay but when will Apple fix their camera app to not flip your face around when taking a selfie
Hands on Apple Watch Series 3 with LTE
Ordering a iPhone 8 or 8Plus with me at 3am EST tomorrow Apple has taken the long lines at the store and put them on the internet. LOL VJ
Same. I suspect Apple of intentionally releasing a bug in an update before show casing a new release
 Apple MFI Certified 1byone Lightning to USB Cable 3.3 Feet for iPhone 6s 6 Plus 5s 5c 5 iPad..
I phone got beat by SAMSUNG most of their addons has been available in app stores for years. Android apps  SAMSUNG blow Apple away.
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch
Years decades generations will pass by us and apple bottom jeans will still bang believe that
Apple s FaceID Could Be a Powerful Tool for Mass Spying
theres a steve quote saying that mid90s apple struggled because it was run by sales guys and welp looks like history repeats itself
Behold Apple s 349 iPhone  the cheapest on the market
I liked a YouTube video
Monster  crown apple
I was sold on swipe gestures lol I been waiting for Apple to hop on it
Have any questions about the Apple Event Ask the iMore Team. Read more
Have any questions about the Apple Event Ask the iMore Team. Read more
I liked a YouTube video
Apple New IPhone 8
Apple s A11 Bionic chip in iPhone X and iPhone 8Plus on par with 2017 MacBook Pro
This song is now on all streaming platforms  Apple Music  Spotify  Tidal  SoundCloud etc.
Um at 5pm Ill be busy ordering products directly from Apple because of lack of info from Optus. So youre missing an opportunity here.
Who Has The Best Tablet Apple iPad 2 Vs The Imposters  Smart Office
Twitter went from Chicago P.D to Apple Store employees in 24 hours
Yeah 1984 Apple was best Apple . They knew Apple II brought the money in.
Congrats
NEW These Apple Quinoa Breakfast Bars are an easy grab and go mealprep breakfast or snack
I want a candy apple
Apple should have come out with a 45 or 48mm Apple Watch... just sayin.
Pinball Game INKS Available for Free as Apple s App of the Week
Apple explains Face ID onstage failure 
Im running iOS 11 on my Air and 100 there with you. its so bad that i didnt realize we were GM until apple event hit me
UGLEGrandLodge stevewoz Have stolen a key to the Kingdom of Heaven vaticanlibrary Pontifex Apple DeptofDefense CIA NSAGov 
2015 Microsoft releases Windows 10 after Windows 8. 2017 Apple announces iPhone 8 followed by iPhone X 10. Apple  Were so original
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
New Single Kiss You by CHARITTE1 available on iTunes Apple Music  more
Should you buy an Apple Watch 
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Apple s AirPower Wireless Charger Might Not Work With Other Devices  Ubergizmo
Thats like saying an apple is almost as good as a bowl of ice cream. No... its like saying being told you cant have ice cream is as good
8 Oshirisu rrx09 Premium Apple Headphones EarphonesEarbuds With Stereo Microphone and Remote Control
Apple is ZOOKED
20 of the Best Apple Recipes for Apple Picking Season
please fix this black ugly looking notch otherwise I will be forced to consider something else... 
When they say they have Apple Music nd not Spotify 
A half slice of apple pie with two balls of cinnamon ice cream for dessert. Hudson
Fall is in the air Evan went Apple picking this weekend and then made me apple bread farmtotable luckyme AlpharettaES 
Apple North County just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
How is iPhoneX possibly worth 1000 I talk seasonal apple buying disorder on KCRWPressPlay w TheMadBrand KCRW
Kii Me Now God this phone is fantastic Apple just outdid themselves.
The red part on the dial thing really makes it look ugly
He cant win with the cavs anymore so he leaving next year. Samsung sucks. So he joining apple . According to inside sources. Lololol
Does wireless charging excuse Apple not using USBC  The Verge
Smartphone Apple iPhone 7 32GB DE R 351490 POR R 307912
Can I just say Google used their pixel to mock Apple having to headphone jack and their pixel 2 has dropped it now.. 
An apple a day keeps anyone away if you throw it hard enough
ITS HERE Zappening App launches next week... whos excited Soon on Google Play and Apple Store 
I still cant believe I lost my apple watch
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch
colors of the ear and the hair is just wow and down his neck is just so smooth u can see the faint adams apple hes such a little boy
Every Major Advertising Group Is Blasting Apple for Blocking Cookies in the Safari Browser
Pesticides stop bumblebees from pollinating apple trees research shows
Apple sweepers hard at work 
Arie vs Apple Watch 
If this is the future then what is tomorrow
Oshirisu rrx09 Premium Apple Headphones EarphonesEarbuds With Stereo
Apple . Go Apple .
How is iPhoneX possibly worth 1000 Talking seasonal apple buying disorder on KCRWPressPlay w TheMadBrand KCRW
miss eating real food fuck this apple sauce
Apple just made your iPhone more expensive to fix  CNET
Interesting aspect of apple iPhone X marketing is their nearly exclusive use of minorities for ad targets
5 Tech Mutual Funds to Buy on Apple s New iPhone Launch
Alright imma do that buy the title song then download the rest for Apple Music
Is mookie wearing... an Apple Watch
Sen. Al Franken wants Apple to answer Face ID privacy concerns  CNET
First stock I purchase was Sirius radio. And then went on to Apple  NFLX GOOG and then traded random stocks
man Apple twitter is in 2030 they tweet but you check their profile and it says they havent tweeted yet
Can I have one for my birthday
Xfinity Why cant I watch my cable channels on my Apple TV I dont want to use your DVR when the AppleTV does everything I need.
Apple is turning a design quirk into the iPhone Xs defining feature  The Verge
She could have just muted you but she just had to send you a message. Apple didnt fall far from the tree.
thats false Apple has always been patent trolls
I bought my wifes Birthday Present today. Dont tell her its a surprise. Went all out and bought a 2017 model. Candy apple red. Sweet. 
Envy Apple Bite  Believe Sweepstakes
The allscreen Apple iPhone X is here and its the new iPhone youll want
Apple Faces Class Action Lawsuit for Defective Powerbeats Headphones
MarketWatch Behold Apple s 349 iPhone  the cheapest on the market
omg its vine but with 2 extra seconds once again apple  youre late.
retweet RT ipad2022  Apple iPad Air 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Gold  Excellent Condition  Complete giveaway 
So apparently now I cant digest apple juice unless its mixed with water such a baby
So does that mean IPhone became straight edge now Its Not a trend its a lifestyle for ppl Apple . Lol
CNET The best Apple TV 4K updates Free Upgrade of HD movies to 4K Live Sports and news The
Dont miss the at Miss Apple Blossom Scholarship Pageant tonight at the Nappanee Apple Festival.
Hey apple  come build a campus in Edmonds WA.
Marketingland  Apple s ARKit launches a new channel The hidden layers of reality by xBarryLevine
Hey Apple please put my phone back to regular. I cant upgrade until March and Im not paying retail. This fake broke move is too much.
Apple pay is free
Apple be waisting time with these upgrades... android been on this shit
Apple just made your iPhone more expensive to fix  CNET
when ppl ask why apple skipped the iphone 9 me bc 789
Second downside Major cell carriers will be charging 10month 120year for Apple Watch Series 3 connectivity. 24
At this point you need that Apple Watch and thats it
I...Im just catching up this hurts my soul. I love Groundhog Day. I thought you were my Cinnamon Apple  Keisha.
Apple Yall Had To Lose Your FUCKING Mind 
That moment when Google was mocking Apple for removing the headphone jack in their ad but did it themselves a year later. 
Apple cinnamon donuts from the apple orchard are life
This will be the biggest political turnaround and redemption since ROCKY TrumpRussia NorthKorea BenAtBerkeley AmnestyDon bitcoin Apple
Gotta switch to Apple . Used Samsung since the 2. EVERY model smashed my hopes that it wouldnt crap out after 9 months.
I liked a YouTube video
I have to be honest the TeamSamsung is making a good argument against iPhoneX . Can a Apple person tell me why its better with facts
Expecting Apple to start replacing broken Series 2 Watch with GPS Series 3 by MarchApril 2018.
Jesus christ I fucking hate Apple
Lolol. I thought about you when I was watching the Apple keynote.
Apple Music maybe Spotify. Im Brain EP
Apple Cider Bread with Currants and a Crapload of Melty Butter
i know you told me your greatest fear one day with apple juice. never forget.
They think apple found a way to revoke profiles now.
Every Major Advertising Group Is Blasting Apple for Blocking Cookies in Safari
To buy the Apple air pods are not ...
Apple  Face ID didnt fail at iPhone X launch our staff did  The Guardian
My apple  cranberry extracts are here. 
Register Now bid to save up to 99. Fun promos await Brands Walmart Gift Cards Samsung Apple . 
Is it worth preordering the Apple TV 4K Heres what we think
Apple s Face ID Feature Works With Most Sunglasses Can Be Quickly Disabled to Thwart Thieves
Register Now bid to save up to 99. Fun promos await Brands Walmart Gift Cards Samsung Apple . 
Check out Fast Company magazine Microsoft Satya Nadella Innovation by design Google Apple
Last year apple got rid of headphone jack its so urreal to get rid of a clock today for you They could have worked a little more IMO
Better download cash app download apple wallet  you can use your phone
today I got a carmel apple cider from Main Street Cafe only to find myself drinking a Pumpkin Spice Latte from Starbucks an hour later...
Yes maam. I got bored with apple
Phone Comparison Apple iPhone X vs Samsung Galaxy S8
I see 4 downsides to new cellularenabled Apple Watch Series 3. First it consumes your existing cell plans data. 14
And it would be so much more fun eating sugar on toast and an apple during group naked hugs. Bollox to the full English Where do I sign...
Al Franken gets in Apple s face over iPhone Xs Face ID
Apple s Face ID Feature Works With Most Sunglasses Can Be Quickly Disabled to Thwart Thieves
Apple s A11 Bionic chip in iPhone X and iPhone 8Plus on par with 2017 MacBook Pro
seems counterproductive Apple has removed Apps from iTunes
So when is the Apple conspiracy theory going to become popular
I want an Apple Watch so baaaad
http ow.lyHtkoK Does wireless charging excuse Apple not using USBC  The Verge
why did apple make iphone eight then iphone ten  where is nine is it because seven ate nine  el oh el
Apple Might Contribute 3B To Buy Toshibas
How would charging in your car work if we dont have wireless charging car
Now Apple s latest smartphone refreshing with TMobile s new offers  Apple
Does wireless charging excuse Apple not using USBC  The Verge
i love when iphone owners make fun of samsung devices. its ironic because all of the good  apple  parts are actually made by samsung
I liked a YouTube video
who the fuck knows with apple these days at least the regular iphone 8 is mostly normal other than its gargantuan size
Apple fanboys still gonna say they have the best phones ever.
The apple fell far the the tree in this case AC DC rules
It brings to mind Grubers gripe that Samsung and Amazon plaster their logo on the front of devices while Apple hasnt with the iPhone.
16GB APPLE IPHONE 6s for 65000. Apple Guru
timcook Apple to unveil the iPhone X at the new Steve Jobs theater and what youre asking for it Hed be so disappointed in you guys.
Apple s Chief Executive Officer CEO Tim Cook introduces new iPhone X during a special event in
Apple sendo Apple
i just bit into a cold apple cause momma aint raise no bitch
Podcasts by Apple
Ima bout to bring sidekicks back fuck Apple they cant control me 
The fact that I have both Spotify and Apple Music justifies my inability to make choices
Apple s Face ID To Face Legal Scrutiny
Apple iOS or Android  Which One is Better for you Read and Compare
the official ANIME WEEKEND ATLANTA app for Apple devices AWA2017
Did you mean the Note 7 S7 or S7 edge
 Nightcore  Bad Apple Rock Version
literally my whole life will go by and i still wont be able to apinks japanese releases on apple music
 Nightcore  Bad Apple Rock Version
RT MarketWatch Behold Apple s 349 iPhone  the cheapest on the market
Does wireless charging excuse Apple not using USBC  The Verge
Congrats to Grady on his new opportunity in the Big Apple .
Disagree... apple for people with no gameplan...
I cant wait until Im wealthy enough to afford Apple Music again
I liked a YouTube video
Made my mind up Apple Watch is what I want for myself
Gene Munster Says Apple s Future Is Shifting to Wearables  Bloomberg
richmanhayley I know you must get a million requests but I would love to hear another Fiona Apple rendition... Criminal was enchanting.
Hahaha... thats good for you.
Apple TV
if Apple Music dont get the fuck
Apple Inc.s Brilliant LowCost iPhone Strategy  Motley Fool
FINALLY The iMessage feature weve all been waiting for spotify apple
Apple juice fire
Twitter just limited my account access because of my Apple rant. Fuck you both
The iPhone 8 has a smaller battery than the iPhone 7 but Apple claim its not an issue newscomauHQ apple
Cracks me up how Android users come on here to troll someone has an inferiority complex.
It doesnt matter to Apple . Except when the corner immediately proximate to the hardware.
m confused. apple just announced iphone 8 and x on the same day wut about iphone ix
Should I mention that the Series 3 can only make a 1 hour phone call before it dies Horrible.
RApe
By that logic everyone would buy a Ford Fiesta
Love
iAmerica would you be opposed to reviewing the new Apple Watch series 3
Yea btw Apple fuck all the way off with that face recognition shit. The most powerful company wants to scan my fingerprints and face UhhHh
Why Im in this jont finishing this test my Apple Watch vibrate talkin bout some breathe
Yall tweeted but when I click on yall profile yall aint tweet  Apple yall on the bullshit
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch
RIP Grant Hart. I was about to go to sleep but I think Ill spin Candy Apple Grey first.
Should you buy an Apple Watch
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
i just walked past halloween oreos apple pie oreos and pumpkin pie poptarts and i have to say my heart is beating faster and im anxious
Agreed on the phone and climate. I didnt know about the Pro...
RudoCantFail the buy issue option for the July issue does not seem to be working on the apple newsstands edition. August works okay
Apple wiki is fasciniting. Science true love you name it. 
Ive had both apple  android. When I had android my pics were clear. My theory is Apple purposely pixelates Android users things.
I really want an Apple Watch and I hate myself for it
Apple Inc.  AAPL is Bath Savings Trust Cos 2nd Largest Position
iPhone 7 still mean everything. Apple made the iPhone 8 just to suggest people buy iPhone X cuz nobody will buy iPhone 7 by now.
I have been trying to download that app to vote for Yixing but it just wont let me is it only for Apple or why cant I download it
Feeling for a late Mcflurry  Apple Pie Grabs yours
While Apple fans are still talking about Tuesdays events Google fans gear up for the new Pixel 
Any plans to upgrade to Apple Watch Series 3 
Apple pay
Eli Apple is always getting abused by the Cowboys. Pretty soon hell need therapy after playing us
Apple Cider Mimosas  pure genius. Thx to cookierookiebec for the recipe and HeronAgency for sharing
I cant wait to go apple picking with my lil sister this year again
iPhone X  Apple Watch 3
I like that the note includes the S pen. You want an apple pen you gonna have to drop an extra 100. And it doesnt fit inside the phone
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple s Face ID To Face Legal Scrutiny
Display Release on apple CAST
apple dont fall to far from you
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple Watch series 1 or 2 
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Should you get AppleCare for your Apple Watch
Ive thought about this. No fucking way Im selling my face to Apple Or anybody.
Live Apple Event  Apple September Event 2017  iPhone 8 iPhone X iOS 11  Apple Keynote
Apple Announces iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Updated
TMobileHelp Whats the deal with the 300 trade in promotion. Going to preorder tomorrow trying to decide between tmobile or apple direct
triplejjfs  NTEK Nanotech Entertainment Inc. We are excited that Apple is updating their
apple
New apples coming in again I really need to start baking some apple stuff Whatever68 Radio
Too tired after the Apple launch. Going to be before the sun goes down.
Apple s online store offline ahead of iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders.
If gruber wasnt on this podcast hed be able to admire how Apple went right to the heart of the FaceID story.
Apple introduced the iwatch cellular so what do you think about it
Apple s Steve Jobs Theater boasts no support pillars power routed through spacers between window panes.
If Adam and Eve were Chinese we would still be in paradise because they would have ignored the apple and eaten the SNAKE.
I dont see that on Apple Music...
Apple on straight dirt my phone starting to spazz
Ad industry complains Apple Safari update is unilateral and heavyhanded against tracking.
Apple Loop New IPHONE 8 Released Expensive iPhone X Delayed iOS 11 Secrets Apple Gets Greedy
I went apple picking on Tuesday and Ive made 4 apple crisps since then..including one for work tomorrow cause I love all my fellow guards
red delicious was the dawn of Big Apple Industry of standardizing of shipping immense distances for aesthetic preservation
I even used an apple to restore my ap to grind the course more o
Your 2017 Emmys Preview  Apple Fall TV
...he led him about he instructed him he kept him as the apple of his eye. Deu 3210b KJV
New Apple Watch Series 3 ad touts Apple Music on the go with LTE connectivity Video
Virusscanning iOS apps have always been a scam. Now Apple is finally cracking down
Lots of sharing in iOS 11 is like this. Apple Music too
Apple Watch or IPhone X
Good on Apple for protecting users privacy. My life my choice in who sees my data.
Apple s iPhone 8  8 Plus use smaller batteries maintain battery life.
Apple now if I pre order the iPhone X and yall decide to pop up with a blush gold color after I press check out
Like mother like daughter. The apple doesnt fall from the
Shes the apple of my eye Wilsons Orchard
So are you buying me an apple X If I said you are my most favorite performer would that help
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
FINALLY got an Apple watch
Apple Watch Series 3 cellular Apple Music streaming coming in October at the earliest.
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Apple Pay is still magic
Thanks Apple 
Apple iPhone X production cost estimated at 412.75
Apple issues golden master of macOS High Sierra ahead of public launch Sept. 25.
I really hope Apple decides to make an SEsized version of the X purely for the amusement of seeing them market an iPhone SE X.
AppleSupport Apple ok.. but where is the chicken wing emoji
Apple Shares Video Highlighting Apple Music Streaming Over LTE on Apple Watch Series 3
Face ID on Apple s iPhone X will be limited to one person per device.
APPLE  A1625  APPLE TV 32 GB Generation 4 HD 1080 P NO RESERVE Price ... MediaPlayer
People are using Siri as a therapist so Apple is seeking engineers who understand psychology
still debating ordering an Apple S3 Watch. But after what TMobile did with the cellular pricing wont be buying a cell model if I do buy
Apple AirPower charging plate uses Qi protocol but may not be compatible with other devices.
New Apple Watch to be throttled by TMobile to 512Kbps
How One of Apple s Key Privacy Safeguards Falls Short  WIRED
Guys Im making apple pie for the first time today Im so excited
Apple responds to ad groups criticism of Safari cookie blocking
If you have Apple music 11.0 check out my profile and many playlist
Which company do u prefer Apple Samsung FOR SMARTPHONE
Google set to challenge Apple s iPhone 8  X with Oct. 4 announcement of Pixel 2.
Apple iPhone X Has A Huge Screen Facial Recognition And AR Powers
Apple has been allin on iPhone X Face ID replacing Touch ID for over a year  report.
Vegas jager and crown apple bomb
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s new face ID is great but Im wondering that how it will work for two faced people... iphoneX  feeling...
Apple Pls add a feature where it tells someone when Ive read their message from my watch so they know Im not ignoring them purposely
New Apple iPhone 8 Plus  256GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone Ships on 0922 Fast
Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Tablet 32GB WiFi  Rose Gold MM192LLA via eBay
todorokis first appearance my baby boy my fuckin cinnamon apple
I guess the apple dont fall far from the tree.....
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
sign up for Apple beta software program
Apple iPad Air 2 WiFi 4G 32GB Space Gray BAD ESN IMEI 910 CONDITION via eBay
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi Model A1395 Silver W Screen Protection  Case Bundle for 71.95 with 29d 23h via eBay
I think I want a Apple Watch now
Hello my Pie Heads. Tomorrows menu at OBFM.9am 12pm. Southern Emerald Key Lime Pie Brooklyn Apple Pie...
SELLING A FAKE iPhone X At Apple Store
honestly thank god for my apple watch
LSmilsky snipes one on the PP. Apple to Broomhead
Apple denies iPhone X failed in onstage demo says Face ID feature worked as intended.
Apple  Tree
Adventure Tech The Apple Watch Series 3 with Cellular
iPhone X features A leap forward for Apple but Samsung is still ahead via rgadgets
Thousands will. Even you will.
Apple mulling 3B investment in Bain bid for Toshiba chip business report says.
Apple cancelled
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET Advertisers are picking a fight over Safaris new...
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Apple s A11 Bionic matches singlecore 13 MacBook Pro performance in alleged benchmark.
AppleSupport Im very disappointed at Apple . I paid for a new phone but in the end Ill get a damn refurbished one. 
sprint what is your Apple Watch plan
Like many Apple products parts of the phone are made and assembled in Israel. read it and weep..wahahahahah
Apple protects users privacy.
Watch Everything you need to know about Apple TV 4K.
I DID NOT PLAN ON SPENDING 48 MINUTES ON THE PHONE WITH APPLE SUPPORT JUST TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT TO HAVE MY APPLE TV RESTORED
Apple is a perfect example of this
855 855 3844 apple support phone number  apple support number
Senator calls on Apple to address Face ID privacy concerns.
Unfortunately this is true these days livinghealthy iPhoneX Apple 
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
Keep me as the apple of the eye hide me under the shadow of thy wings Psa 178 KJV
Family grazing under an apple tree. 
Apple hikes repair replacement  AppleCare prices for iPhones.
New Apple Watch to be throttled by TMobile to 512Kbps WEBLINKhttp ift.tt2xG4HIJ 
Really want apple cider rn
Im bored of Apple ... want a new phone
 Beady Belle  The Apple  Interlude 
Should you preorder Apple s iPhone 8 or wait for the iPhone X.
5 Apple suppliers to watch as the new iPhone rolls out
http newswallet.co Apple iPhones FaceID feature has got Twitterati cracking Arya Stark jokes...
TMobiles Apple Watch Series 3 plan caps at 3G speeds for 10  CNET
The apple never falls far from the tree..
Apple says it will release a detailed report about how Face ID handles privacy and security  Business Insider
Why cant Apple keep messing with iTunes Why timcook 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Jet Black Unlocked Smartphone win 
Ian Crouch on the revelation that the Red Sox have been using a signstealing plan involving an Apple Watch parti
5.8 iPhone X designed for twohanded use as Apple apparently drops support for Reachability.
Yep. Fuck apple
Apple will release Face ID security white paper 
Apple ...
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
face value Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition Macworld
Yankees  Apple WatchGate a distraction in a compelling season
tech technology mobilegeb How to watch the live stream for todays Apple iPhone keynote
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
http app.smdcodes.com Home  My Company 
Samsung is innovative and a major player in the smart phone industry.
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Apple please explain why after many many years why I should stay with with your company and continue to do business. 
Another happy Google customer Replacing my Nexus 6p with the Google Pixel XL google happy can Apple do that
Apple Loop New iPhone 8 Released Expensive iPhone X Delayed iOS 11 Secrets Apple Gets Greedy
KraftKennedy Critical Issue with Apple iOS 11 Mail App Exchange 2016Online and Windows Serve... Read Blog
Vegan toffee apple upsidedown cake  jamieoliver
Apple exterminates USBC troubleshooting port on Apple TV 4K adds Gigabit Ethernet.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Bloody apple are every app comes up with what Ive searched on even with private browsing BigBrother 1984
Apple says it will release a detailed report about Face ID handles privacy and security
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Disneyland finally takes Apple Pay and its such a time saver.
What to expect from Apple s Spring Forward Event
Have now been waiting at this ATT store to pick something up longer than any time at iPhone launch day at an Apple Store. AMA
A dutty and some apple ej would be love rn
An apple cider a day keeps the doctor away... Support your local cider mill. Uncle Johns
Apple tasting log in Ms. Labarres class RBStars 
Will you be picking up the pricey new Apple iPhoneX 
Beautiful korean apple 
Apple unveiled the iPhone 8 iPhone X and the Apple Watch. The verdict is in
Apple Watch Series 3s telephony stack must be ported from iPad. I wonder if they use WiFi calling over UMTS too It has higher latency.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right
I liked a YouTube video
me and apple music finna have a special 5 connection when college rolls around
Recent article claimed that Apple committed to putting dedicated ML silicon in their chips 3 yrs ago. conviction if true
Bloody love apple maps Comicloser being entertained by them here scoping out the Bruges again
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. I suspect he may have also been abused at the hands of his father
https itunes.apple.comusplaylistmi dwestmixtapesidpl.upMylgalt4lmLleW  MidwestMixtapes APPLE MUSIC PLAYLIST
Id be an Apple shopinshop inside an Ulta shopinshop inside a TJMaxx
Apple phones is cheap now...except for the X.
Whats up with apple hiding their emojis from Android users like its a secret language or some shit TEAMdroid
Ive just posted a new blog Apple officially bans scammy antivirus apps from iOS App Store
Apple will release Face ID security white paper 
What to Make of the Red Soxs Apple Watch Scandal
Im pretty sure Apple pushed an update to my iPhone to act super slow  buggy this week in order to help me justify an upgrade. It worked.
Franken writes Apple CEO with concerns about facial recognition technology
realDonaldTrump father marched with KKK. Rotten apple doesnt fall far from the rotten tree Born a bigot will die a bigot. SupportJemele
Aruji do you want to help me in my shooting practice Here put this apple on your head  hey where are you going
BBC News  Apple iPhone X The network of suppliers set to benefit
Apple Readying Bid on Grand Central Terminal Retail Space  HotHardware
Apple hints at next smartphone revolution with iPhone X
Isnt that nice apple and iTunes are scrubbing Cat Stevens Islamic heritage and nastiness. really creepy and sick. 
Apple s New iPhones Add Security Imaging and Other Features Important to Small Business Users
on your Apple Music
Why doesnt DTLA have an apple store yet
I was an apple user my entire life. I had never had a Samsung phone until now.. I just think iPhones are repetitive...
I liked a YouTube video
PSA iPhones and Apple TVs get an update in 4 days and Macs get one in 10 days
 Apple s Watch 3 rolls out hearthealth and smart fitness features
Please RT recipes food Apple Slab Pie with Crumb Topping
Anyone else not getting stand reminders on their Apple watch Running watchOS 4 GM.
I liked a YouTube video
Yes considering Amazon and Apple are both rivals.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Since Chris Stocker didnt want to mead it up with me I am reading Barack Obama fan fiction whilst drinking Brothers Drake Apple Pie.
Someone take me to apple bees
apple timcook please contact me Ill be on the next flight this idea will change and help the
Virusscanning iOS apps have always been a scam. Now Apple is finally cracking down
I think we got enough damage from technology
Nice phones but if u want to use a selfie stick I cant probably
Apple says it will release a detailed report about how Face ID handles privacy and
Apple says it will release a detailed report about how Face ID handles privacy and security  Business Insider
Apple tree.
Pizzazz  Single by Coolie Sway on Apple Music
So the Apple Watch needs an HFA client to activate on Sprint. Apple already needed one for Apple SIM on the iPad. This is all iPad tech.
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6s 6 s 32GB Space GrayVerizonGSM Unlocked LTE Smartphone New Box
Cant wait for Apple  pumpkin picking
The best thing about Apple s proxy war with Google is that advertisers end up as collateral damage
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Apple Unveils Its New Products as Equifax Continues to Drop blog finance
Good writeup about Apple s AR effortskinda disappointing..I could care less about pretty dinosaur in the hallway show some useful stuff
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
5 cideries to visit while celebrating apple season
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Apple AirPods White InEar Air Pods Wireless Genuine Airpod FAST SHIP iphone8 apple phone8plus iphonex iphone10
sprintcare Apple website offering iPhone 8 at 249 upgrade with 2 year contract. Is this an error
DIVIDE THEN CONQUER  ReconJackMedia 2016 New Apple eBook Mystery  Thriller Official Selection
This is actually pretty great. Thanks Apple 
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 PreOrder Shipping Estimates Begin Slipping  Mac Rumors
RT Techkle Apple Takes Away iOS Desktop APP Store with iTunes 12.7 Update
ok to be honest. the iPhone 6 was a good phone. I also really enjoy my galaxy. I recently switched from apple to Samsung and im loving it.
Bridger Bowl Ski Area today GallatinNF forest usfs Image credit Bridger Bowl and Little Apple Tech Image archive Westernlabs 
Lets have two restroom categories. Only two. With an Adams Apple Without an Adams Apple Thank you.
17 TrickedOut Caramel Apple Recipes You Must Make
MAC SIPPN NAT DIRTY CANDY APPLE FAYGO JOINT AT DA TIME 2 SLIDE VIDEO SHOOT AVAILABLE FOR YO
Now available ... Amazon Barnes  Noble Apple Books Chapters Kobo ... 
Apple releases Apple Watch Series 3 Cellular  GPS with Apple Music ad
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
popculture Apple Watch 3 spot touts 40 million Apple Music songs available wirelessly
And forget Apple  Give me some FriedApples  D D D D
An Apple Watch MacBook and a car are the only things thats missing in my life ...
so im at the apple store trying to get my mac fixedthe guy opens it to screen being all of my recent nudes... i guess it was his lucky day
What to Make of the Red Soxs Apple Watch Scandal
Apple Watch 3 Cellular Functionality Wont Extend to Roaming despite EU Ruling
Suppose I want to use a selfie stick how can I with this phone
I do it and pretend that Im working for Apple ... helping to get the kinks out and what not.
help a sister out. if you have an apple us cellular phone you dont currently use let me borrow it until i can fix my phone 
If Apple were more transparent about what theyre doing USC professor Aleksandra Korolova saysthat would be a win for privacy overall.
We just dont get caught.... apple watch
My annual jar of autumntime crack...aka homemade apple butter. indiana midwestlife 
Apple Watch 3 is disgusting wtf is that red shit on the side
Not being condescending. And didnt assume you thought apple invented AR.
Thats the great thing when releasing an app with Apple  you get to experience all of their past web UI in one session
Apple AppleSupport notice anything missing 
Apple iPhone 6s  64GB  Space Gray Verizon  Factory Unlocked MKRY2LLA
Wish You Tube Worked On My Apple Watch Still Learning How To Use It. 2017  feeling blessed at Highway Music Group
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
She disagrees when I kiss them cheeks and hook her up with that organic apple juice tho plair
Craig Hes definitely the Apple exc I would have a beer with.
yanksgoyard.com  Yankees  Apple WatchGate a distraction in a compelling season
How one developer got around the iPhone Xs website letterboxing
Is the Apple Watch free with purchase
This new update hella nice Apple IOS11 
News Apple Watch 3 spot touts 40 million Apple Music songs available wirelessly
Owned both for years granted I like things about android and Apple . Grab a Apple watch and gear s3 and tell me which is more advanced
I actually purposely sent the apple this time
I would hold your fire till they promise speedbandwidth and then deliver like 10 of it. Im sure itll happen at some point
laking adams apple feels WHAHAHHA
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
Apple s iPhone X Could Land Artist Emma Blackery a Record Deal 
 Apple Is Hiring Someone To Make Siri A Better Therapist Because This Is 2017
Square also makes wireless readers that accept Chip and Signature and Apple Pay as well. Why not use those
Chris cross apple sauce ride my dick like a pony
How many of yall android users own sum made by Apple  yall b talkin a whole lotta trash about iPhone but b havin the iPad n mac n shit
How one developer got around the iPhone Xs website letterboxing
Apple pie changing leaves crisp air.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256gb  Matte Black Clean ESNIMEI.
having Apple products is all cool until someone texts you being annoying af and its popping up on four different devices
Making apple pie
The apple doesnt fall far from the pedophile tree
Cuz Why dont I have portrait mode Me Its only for the Plus Cuz So I have buy that big ass phone to get one feature. Me Call apple
If security and att are concern do not make it user accesible. Wait for woman to dial 911 and tower unavail before hopping to other nodes
Apple s Craig Federighi Answers More Questions About Face ID
I cant remember the password to my apple watch 
JohnLegere TMobile please tell me you arent throttling the Apple Watch to 3G speeds
Way to go
Dear Apple  just order the Series 3 and cant wait to try the iPhone X. Thank you
Apple CEO Cook questioned by Sen. Al Franken on Face ID privacy  CNET
lol man ima stick that apple where sun dont shine. Bowe
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice
I liked a YouTube video
Its for Apple juice. lol I never participate in those lol
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6 128GB Gold Refurbished Grade B at 119.99 on O2 Refres...
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Hey Brian I hear that you have concerns revolving around the Apple watch. Send us a DM so we can further assistance. TeamApple RodnellaK
Conspiracy Apple makes Android videos look bad so u keep buying Apple .
apple lost me after the 7 i will be getting a blackberry with my upgrade.
Novelist yo tried gettin at you on the gram after speaking at Apple that day bro.. Holla back
The weeks Apple news boring iPhone 8 launch expensive iPhone X delayed iOS 11 secrets
How One of Apple s Key Privacy Safeguards Falls Short
jake mate apple
I liked a YouTube video
dude just download utorrent and download a version of microsoft office. there is no such thing as apple word. its that or use google docs..
Only went to the apple festival to get food  then I went home lol.
Sharplace 2 Pieces Remote Case for Apple Tv 4th GenerationShockproof Silicone Remote Cover Case for New ... 
Apple pubblica lo spot che unisce Apple Watch Serie 3 con LTE ed Apple Music Video
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 109.99 on O2 4G NonRef...
Thats right. People are already complaining that Verizon  Sprint dont support UMTS on Apple Watch. They dont support UMTS at all
ÎÄeBayÎÄ Apple iPad Air 32GB WiFiCellular A1475MD792LLB 9.7Inch Tablet 403863 C 309.99End Date 14Oct
Apple s DataMining Privacy Protections May Fall Short
Crock Pot Apple Butter 
No but only because I havent seen those yet. I did briefly consider what Apple Pie Oreos would taste like today. Probably not so good.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple What does someone have to do for an Iphone X with an option to add a micro SD apple iPhone iPhoneX
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Waityou spent 1400 for a Apple watch LOL Sucker.
 Apple says it will release a detailed report about Face ID handles privacy and security  
I spent 1 hour and 14 minutes working out with Apple Health. 203 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 1 hour and 14 minutes working out with Apple Health. 573 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple MacBook Air 11.6 Core i7  1.7GHz 8GB RAM 512GB Flash Storage  eBay
I want to preorder the Apple Watch 3 but my wallet soBS
Top story Apple is finally cracking down on shady virus scanning apps
nice try give it up  apple expands in Israel  thanks for hiring another Zionist by tweeting with your iphone 
Tony Tuff can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted. ShiaLaTuff
After 1030 on talklifestyleau well be discussing the news of week aka Apple  and taking your calls  Syd 954 Mel 1278 Bri 882AM 
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
HeyPariss PLEASE put some apple cider vinegar in warm water and soak in it Use at least 2 and a half cups in there. I use Braggs
Its been clear since Apple killed off the iPod Nano  Shuffle that the AppleWatch is their replacement.
Challenge for Apple had been accepted .. Total failure of IPhone 8 
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple s Differential Privacy Protections Fall Short Study Says  WIRED
TMobile to throttle new Apple Watch to 3G speeds
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET Stephen ShanklandCNET
Just preordered my Apple Watch three. Amazing AppleWatch3 ILoveIt 
Apple airs Apple Watch Series 3 ad showcasing Apple Music over LTE AirPods support AppleInsider
TLDR Apple  Bite me. When you abuse the users as badly as you have your should expect this
and I hope to lose Apple on the iPhone 88s so as not to redesigning same version every year
Apple Continues Mobile Processor Dominance With A11 Bionic  AAPL
And I ordered new apple earphones that came today and they dont work
apple AppleSupport CS how do you use an automated process to recover an acct leaving people locked out their acct.
Apple  Put the band Infant Annihilator back on Spotify and iTunes
This shouldve been included when you first launched the Watch.
Beet salad.... AK grown beets AK grown apple sauce smoked beet coulis arugula blue cheese...
Not what you tweeted you were being condescending implying that I thought Apple invented AR. The rest of your comment is just your opinion
whats wrong me nothing ok me I think its funny how apple revealed their new phones and now mine is mysteriously having issues
The second viral Apple tweet Ive seen and yet they still have 0 tweets
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
I liked a YouTube video
its funny how jules was anti getting a mac book in the first place but now shes got more apple products than i do
GSMArena TMobile to throttle new Apple Watch to 3G speeds
Notttttt loving the new IOS 11.0 software for the Apple iPhone
Apple really looking out for us Bc they dont let you receive all the texts you missed when you unblock somebody. Honestly thank you.
Apple  Inc.s iPhone Lineup Is Getting Overcrowded  Motley Fool Apple  Inc
ElevationDock 4 is first Apple MFicertified Lightning dock that works onehanded
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
posts song is already number 1 on apple music
Okay this vodka  apple cider hitting me right on this Friday night
I hate the stars on Apple Music... so misleading a lot of times. I
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
gruber hello Apple Support do you know if iPhone 8X will be able to produce portrait lighting on existing portrait photos
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
Friend finally goes back to apple . Commense nonstop changing of group chat.
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
iPhone 8 iPhone X and Apple Watch 3  All You Need to Know 
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
Apple Depends On Koreas Samsung LG For iPhone X Parts
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
Now that Apple has unveiled iPhone X should you dump the stock
FoxNews Does it have an Adams Apple  is the question.
That was the last big iPhone launch  but for Apple  theres a new hope 
Apple s new 4G Watch cant be used with EU roaming apple
apple timcook contact me Ill be on the next flight
Please RT iphone ipad mac Scotia iTRADE Launches Apple Watch App
Apple iPhone 6 a1549 64GB Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished  Space Gray 
Im over Apple anyway. Finna cop a throwback Nokia ion talk to u mfs anyway
I just really hope Apple lets me ship this feature to you. Its truly magical. 
Also come by tomorrow and try our poison apple cocktail for our Disney party
Apple Jacks were good.....
TECH TRENDS  Tech Expert Marc Saltzman Breaks Down New Apple X And More
iPhone Charger iPad Charger Apple MFI Certified Lightning 2.4A 12W Cube Wall Charger with 2ft..
Top Smartwatches Still To Come in 2015  Forbes The Apple Watch while perhaps not selling as well a
WAIT Apple came out w the iPhone 8 and then came out w the iPhone 10 DOES THAT MEAN 7 8ate 9
Start Your Run with Apple Watch Series 2 Nike Edition
Am I hearing Apple praise Are you ok
Everybody who owns an apple product should follow his footstep.
TMobile to throttle new Apple Watch to 3G speeds 
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET Advertisers are picking a
Apple Did you guys skip the iPhone 9 because 7 8 9
Apple s iPhone 8 iPhone X Apple Watch augmented reality What it all means for business
i will gift the original lesbian filter app to u text me ur apple id email
Nah Apple really do be on 100 trash when they new phones come out my phone been tweaking 23 weeks now
TMobile to throttle new Apple Watch to 3G speeds
yes lol i do that with apple pie and vanilla ice cream
YESS its finally on apple music thank u 
Apple responds to criticism of higher UK iPhone prices 
I scratched my apple watch  so what Im basically saying is I want to punch myself in the face
So.... Xbox X gon give it to ya Apple  huh Xbox Yeah people like it X gon give it to ya this November Apple  Hold my beer iPhoneX
I thought I was the only one who iPhone was messin up... Apple hit the BWW button on all our shit lol
Apple to address privacy concerns with Face ID
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to
Same for me. Apple still wins 
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple is gonna have a hard time next year marketing the iPhone 9 11.
Apple pubblica lo spot che unisce Apple Watch Serie 3 con LTE ed Apple Music Video
Watch Apple s iPhone X iPhone 8 and Apple Watch announcement videos right here  9to5Mac
Giveaway Could Be Vans Converse Nike Lululemon Apple Vacation Trip And more...
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Really wanting that new Nike Apple Watch
Sour apple sangria
http newswallet.co Apple s Real Advantage Whats Inside the New iPhones and Watch...
Apple AirPods White InEar Air Pods Wireless Genuine Airpod FAST SHIP iphone8 apple phone8plus iphonex iphone10
Apple Canada drops prices for iPhone SE iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus  Telus
FitTech Feature.
Apple Lists FLAC Audio Playback Support for 4K Apple TV iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone X  Mac Rumors
Every girl in truman took a pic in front of Apple bank by mcdonalds
applewatch cant make independent voice calls as 4G watches Huawei LG and Samsung. Apple freedom 
Apple Watch Series 3 data speed will top out at 512Kbps with TMobile Digits
They have a special 10month plan you have to get for Apple Watch in addition to your iPhone plan. LTE is TCPIP only.
I liked a YouTube video
If I could face time voicemail you I would switch back to Apple tomorrow
http bit.ly2h7cTKY Technology Apple responds to criticism of higher UK iPhone prices 
RENE QUILES CHANTE MELANCOLIE DISPO SUR APPLE ITUNESAMAZONDEEZERSPOTIFY.
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Apple says squeezing iPhone X buttons on both sides temporarily disables Face ID
Apple responds to ad groups criticism of Safari cookie blocking
Gostei de um vdeo do YouTube
apple Cant beat this. Period 
Koodo Questions Apple sale koodo apple
Bone apple tea
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to
Ok I like apple but face ID already existed before this new iPhone X lol.... I hate that they try to take the credit for inventing it
Apple Watch Series 3 data speed will top out at 512Kbps with TMobile Digits
Itll be out later this fall.
So true No pills No quick fix No special formula No natural treatment No apple cider vinegarJUST EXERCISE avolgman DrLaxmiMehta
iPhone X features A leap forward for Apple but Samsung is still ahead  The Independent
Apple should use BCL
Great dissection of Apple s Media Strategy. Great last line.
Todays work. Paired the apple I painted yesterday with my trusty sock monkey. So cute. allaprima 
Check out my new post Apple Watch Series 3 Supports Carriers One Number Calling and Messaging 
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
While theyre in couples therapy can apple let me buy AmazonKindle books inapp. Sheesh
Apple need to chill frfr
Did you catch Apple s nod to China on Tuesday 
Should have started the apple butter hours ago. Gonna be a long night.
Basic info  links to the relevant 3GPP specs here. No need for Apple to provision an ISIM if they can use iCloud.
MY CINNAMON APPLE BABY BOY GLITTER GLOW STICK BUBBLE MAN 
lyfteng do you have an app for the new apple watch 3
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
TMobile to throttle new Apple Watch to 3G speeds
2 lbs away from my first goal and Im rewarding myself with taking Cecelia to the apple orchard for a couple of them fire ass donuts
them be humble and keep things lowkey the same people posts pics of new kicks apple products and riches on social media
Thats what Apple weather say but I dont know
Hehehe nice photography but not worth.
I doubt much check out Apple customer review. They wait for the product not vice versa
the first year im not gonna get a new iphone thanks apple
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
apple can eat this ass ill switch to android
Meet iPhone X  Apple OFFICAL REACTION  VLOG  RT a WATCH 
Listen is the mic on GO GET tonibraxton NEW SINGLE DeadWood Tidal amazon Apple Music google play  iTunes love her contralto tones
It disappoints me greatly that these arent all Apple trees. from
Tired of my Google Android cellphone asking me to review every place I visit. My wifes Apple iPhone doesnt do that  I should switch
I just bought headphones and they already broke its making it want to buy 30 apple ones now since I cant trust the cheap ones
I really hope Apple makes a champagnenude color iPhone. Im tired of all these basic colors rosegold black white
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
My TV has a builtin Roku and my 3rd gen Apple TV still works for Airplay so nayyy
Was thinking about getting Apple Watch but throttling its speed seems like an unnecessary insult when your competition isnt. What gives
xychelsea You may wanna consider losing the Adams apple if youre trying to pass as a chick. It is hilarious though. Traitor ManThroat
honestly . if the iphone 6s gets outdated i REFUSE to upgrade to a newer iphone. i dont love apple enough to sacrifice my headphone jack
Apple didnt fall far from the tree.
Near Mint Apple iPad Air 16GB WiFi White for 185.00 with 2d 23h via eBay
U know hackers and terrorists are going to weaponize Apple s iPhone X right . FBI . CivilRights  Just a heads up.
Apple iPhone 6 a1549 64GB Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished 
if Renewable Energy is a good idea why does it need gov money Ford Apple  US Steel GE all started up without gov help
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
19In that he succeeded and for that reason Apple became one of the most loved recognized and profitable companies in the world.
Soon Im sure Apple will be able to tell you. Pretty girls.
An apple a day keeps the doctors away. bot
no apple does fuck you
Apple does
Apple Watch 3 has cell phone capability  basically a phone on your wrist now hahah uselesstech
The apple did not fall far from the tree.
Im going to the US to get mine. With the exchange Ill save money and be sure to get a phone that will work on Verizon for travelling.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy. I Hate Everything.
this mans fr does not like apple
Best strategy skip Apple Watch series 1 and 2 use Fitbit and then jump to series 3. Unfortunately not my strategy.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple macbook. On my way
18His goal and outlook was to be guided by the principles and function of Art both in the design and the utility of Apple products.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple s Craig Federighi talks Face ID in TechCrunch interview
7 ways the iPhone X copies Android phones. Apple  innovation poop mimicking your emotions.
Apple Watch LTE only works in country of purchase AppleWatchSeries3
A look back in IPO Apple  the early PC purveyor 
Apple Watch Series 3 handson live from Apple Event 2017 
SoundCloud way bro. Spotify and Apple Music soon come
So what happened to Apple Pay in message app Have not seen anything about it
Apple Watch Series 3 data speed will top out at 512Kbps with TMobile Digits
Should have named me nokia nokiamobile Im loving the Nokia 6 Excellent value phone. Im a fan now. I came from Apple do u know them
Democrat I really dont want anything but NINews  PropellerheadSW  SteinbergMedia Microsoft  Adobe autodesk IBM Apple Avid open
I dip choc chip cookies into apple juice 
Apple is overrated and over price you fag
3G 3GS 4 4S 6plus 7plus apple iphones iphonex iphone8
Does anyone know if Apple is planning on keeping the iPhone SE around Wondering if I should snag a couple for my Y2K survival kit
I waited till they most the bugs were out before I installed it lol you have a Apple developer account
i dont see the point of having a apple watch
I got apple music for .99 cents a month. Compare that to spotify and its a no brainer. Plus apple has like every song ever made so
Anyone wants to buy Apple Cider Vinegar Holland and Barretts are having buy one free one and I cant finish two 
Government Well put face recognition in security cams. People NOOOO Apple  iPhone X with face recognition. People YESSSS
Me trying to decide if I should buy a series 3 Apple Watch or be cheap and buy a series 1 on eBay 
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree unfortunately abusers tend to have been once abused themselves.
I really dont need another Apple Watch
Tomorrows stream will be from 812pm EST Got an interview at 1 Apple wants me to be CEO and I said Ill think about it C u guys there
Im convinced Apple has a curse... now a new iPhone launch I will pick up my phone to realize under the screen is soaked with water. SIGH.
Apple s Craig Federighi Answers Face ID Questions in New Interview
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Safari 11 is now more than ever the browser Ill use because  Apple believes that people have a right to privacy 
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Judge Del. Vacancies a Reason for Transfer of Apple Infringement Suit to Calif.
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
I6 is bound to be my last apple device done with their nazi mentality 1000 a pop for unbreakable crippled junk is not fun anymore
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy MacRumors
Hot New Releases Watch Bands for Woman 8 Charberry UltraSlim Electroplate PC Hard Case Cover For Apple W
MacRumors Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Bragg Organic Apple Cider Vinegar 16 Ounce 1 Bottle New
Apple iPad Air MD785LLB by Apple
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge 
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
They showing only the back of the phone cose nothing new in the front so as in the back.
Nice little design detail on the Apple iPhone X launch email  the phone switches to portrait on mobile emaildesign 
Comforting Delightful Slow Cooker Apple Brown Betty is the Perfect dessert 
Apple dont fall far from the tree
i actually enjoy my apple watch more than i thought i would have. its a great little piece of tech
Heres something interesting today. Apple disabled the Bluetooth on our iPhone cuz it wasnt updated to the latest iOS. Think about that.
KSIOlajidebt is there anyway that you know of to get the best behind Adams apple
MissGinaDarling is the campfire app only for Apple users
To all the Android users.......Dont play bout my Apple .
After watching the keynote Im like... Who buys iPhone 8 when theres iPhone X Apple
8 Great Steve Jobs Business Quotes
How is it that DanceMillennium is fully equipped with Apple products yet they dont take Apple Pay Sucks I had to miss MrHamiltonEvans
Apple Watch Series 3 speed will be neutered by TMobile
Every Major Advertising Group Is Blasting Apple for Blocking Cookies in the Safari Browser
Hahaha Apple 
Im not calling it 10 Im calling it X. Cus Apple iPhone is now my X bitch.
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Honey you never needed an Apple Watch to be a princess
Need apple orchard donuts in my life noowww
The Apple Watch will be throttled to 3G data speeds on TMobiles network  The Verge TMobile customerHostile
Enters Apple Store Yall have the new iPhone to look at Yes sir Right this way Walk towards iMac We have it online Leaves
Apple need to make an update where I can call Siri whatever the fuck I want
Reactions to the iPhone X iPhone 88 Plus and Apple Watch Series 3 App...
Apple has been let downs ever since jobs died. Never will I buy a NEW PHONE that uses parts from What 5 years ago Android wins FLAWLESS V
Apple may be about to make the biggest takeover of its history
From the Big Pineapple to the Big Apple ... Never before seen moments ... FBF NYFW NYC 
iPhone X features A leap forward for Apple but Samsung is still ahead
You the apple of my eye
More like the s6...
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Which came first the pie or the crust the apple  the seed or the tree
sports Report Red Sox Fined for Using Apple Watches to Steal Yankees Signs Money to be Sent to Hurricane Relief
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
WTF Apple WHY ISNT MY APPLE STORE WORKING
5 ways Apple s iPhone X is catching up with Android phones
Estimated Production Cost Price Of Apple iPhone X Is
apple ......because pumpkin flavored shit is terrible. Pumpkin roll and pumpkin pie are the only decent ones
Apple is seeking mentalhealth therapists to assist Siri respond to people in distress. I have cognitive dissonance
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
The apple doesnt fall too far from the tree.
Apple responds to adtech lobbys joint letter complaining about Safari Intelligent Tracking Protection
Review Helen Humphreyss The Ghost Orchard elevates the apple to something fascinating and divine
Finally got them Apple airpods and WOW what a sound. Ive ever heard anything so crystal clear
New iPhones why is Apple s pricing the same in pounds and dollars
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
yall wanna buy iPhone x and the new Apple Watch but dont even have a car LMFAOOOOOO WHERE R UR PRIORITIES
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Gold ATT Smartphone
Apple s iPhone 8 iPhone X Apple Watch augmented reality What it all means for business
if ur bored at work just listen to One Direction and eat an apple
entertainment Apple Watch 3 spot touts 40 million Apple Music songs available wirelessly
Apple should sell a monitor that uses the same screens as their computers. Like an iMac but just the monitor...and not the LG ones they sell
Looking for some apple inspiration this fall Theres An Apple For That has it all. apples recipes PNW baking
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature In response
When did Apple begin to think different about the iPhone HomeButton  LinkSource iPhone8
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition  Macworld
A look back in IPO Apple  the early PC purveyor
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge The Verge Apple s iPhone X notch is
Neat  Drinking a Fearrington Fall Rye Apple IPA  2017 by fullsteam at fullsteam 
Digitalclik.it  A look back in IPO Apple  the early PC purveyor
 Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
The iPhone X Is a Case Study in How Apple Manipulates Your Desires
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
If you experienced cognitive dissonance on the ruthless Apple head also managing one of the most famous creative studios you were right
Thank you good sir. I noticed it the first time during an iFixIt teardown of the Apple Wach Series 2.
Ayo Apple Paul Keller needs a raise and a bonus TODAY That man the
Tech Apple says it will release a detailed report about how Face ID handles privacy and
the apple one lies
Tech Apple says it will release a detailed report about how Face ID handles privacy and
timcook hey Tim I was thinking Apple should honor the Grateful Dead with a Tie dye watch face americasband sanfransisco makeithappen
An Apple aday takes my credit card away.
TopNewsNow Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus The battle of the second placers  GameSinners
I liked a YouTube video
iPhone X to include revolutionary arsehole recognition technology 
Bought an Apple Watch today I AM a princess
henny  apple juice would be everything right now 
ggtechmy Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
So my guess is that Apple Watch uses Apple SIM protocol to provision the eSIM for LTE data only then they use Apple WiFi calling protocol.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy 
So wholl sign my petition to get no ceilings put on Apple Music Im confused as to why it isnt already
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition  Macworld
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
17 Apple Recipes Youll Fall For
android news iPhone X features A leap forward for Apple but Samsung is still ahead  The
MacBook Repair Lndn Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Recovering from a good night out with colleagues. It wasnt too late. I have head into the Bondi Junction Apple Temple for a resurrection.
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Space Grey at 659.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 ...
Interview Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
How one developer got around the iPhone Xs website letterboxing
London Mac Repair Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Priva...
London Mac Repair Apple Watch Series 3 LTE Doesnt Work With Prepaid Wireless Plans
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
TMobile Apple both have dissapointed me. Why do you make it so hard 
yes i thought i had sent you some of their songs if not just listen to Drowsy the full album its on spotify apple music  soundcloud
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy 
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition  Macworld
Apple didnt fall far from the tree
Dear apple  whats the difference between airplane mode and turning off cellular from Control Center in iOS 11
How to fix my Apple iPhone SE Touch ID that responds slowly or not working at all Troubleshooting Guide...
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Loving iOS11 so far definitely some great new additions. Apple Everything
Apple . years behind and then when they get it too they throw it to you all at once without thinking about to much.
6 If Siri ever actually works properly you may not need an iPhone just an apple watch and iPad.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus a1522 16GB Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished  Silver 
Apple s Craig Federighi Answers Face ID Questions in New Interview
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple A11Bionic chip for iOS devices beat Intel i5 in performance. Reminds me of the days of PowerPC.
Previewing the Sacksonville Jaguars vs. Tennessee Titans w BigCatCountry s JSiettmann . NP on Apple Podcasts
Teachers pet Retweet for the chance to win the new Yummy World Medium Apple Plush Plush YummyWorld giveaway cute smile 
Fiona Apple to Perform at TransPecos Festival
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Apple Boom Timeline 1840s  Jesuit priests planted the first apple trees at St. Marys Mission near Stevensville.
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
Apple s Face ID isnt flawless  tech can and will be hacked Expert
You know youre walking past halls when it smells of apple sourz and toast
If it wasnt pipboy reskins and armor sets I already have and instead something new and substantial...I might actually buy it.
love that I thought my charging port was broken and was going to need a new phone turns out it was a bit of sand thanks apple
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition The upcoming iPhone X will use Face ID technology
Wtf does my phone start to fuck up whenever Apple makes a big announcement I see you assholes.
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
These fuckers wont stop until Seattles one homogenous techbroglob complete with panera bread and apple town squares every 100ft.
 Apple .B 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
7 ways the iPhoneX copies Android phones CNET Flipboard Apple
How about this cute logo for KittyParadise  This is a kitten care AugmentedReality game coming soon to Apple iPhone thanks to ARKit 
RT kathnielfordy  RT charmangeles2  A  apple PushAwardsKathNiels
Hey Apple My iPhone wont unlock when I look at it. WTH iPhoneX 
Apple  Microsoft Offer to Defend Dreamers from Deportation
Bone apple teeth
This is how Apple gets you to throw your great condition 7 Plus into the ocean and buy a new iPhone. I have never owned AirPods. 
i hung up on apple support because they cant give me actual support like WHAT THE FUCK
Looks like that Face ID fail really rattled Apple heh
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
No idea why Apple calls it wireless charging. Wire is right fucking there iPhoneX airpower 
Award Winning Horror Thriller the Perfect Halloween Book On Apple iBooks Nook Now
no I dont take that back I take back your word being apple and replace it with toxic
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Equifax Hack and Tech Stocks in Spotlight after Apple s Keynote  Nasdaq
Wed probably put it on our Apple TV
Shorty said she spoiling herself with a new iPhone X and an Apple watch. simpletonshit
I liked a YouTube video
Actually the loan was the Apple finance thing
Thank u Apple for the COMP prerelease iPhone X VIP platinum I love it
Just gargled with Apple cider vinegar that stuff is horrible
The Innovation Behind Apple s Flagship Smartphone
Hacker News  Introducing Apple File System pdf
Inovat 3x USB Lightning Cable Data Sync Charger Cord for Apple iPhone 7SE6s plus 6s 6 plus 6..
Qualcomm after seeing A11 benchmarks Apple iphone8 iPhoneX iPhone8Plus 
New phone.. damn iPhone 7 completely died on me. Glad apple was able to swap it out for a brand new one.
How Apple and co became some of Americas largest debt collectors
Ahem uh boys even if ya cut that thing off youre still a boy. Now your just a boy with an Adams apple and no thing Kinda goofy huh
iPhone Xs Facial Recognition Fail and Other Takeaways from Apple s Big Launch Event
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Shes thick like apple pie Drools.
Hey Apple This may be the craziest idea in the world but why not have the TvApp on the 5kiMac  Just a thought... 
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
I liked a YouTube video
TMobiles Apple Watch Series 3 plan caps at 3G speeds for 10
1. Blueberry and apple pie 2. All other pies 3. Pumpkin pie
I liked a YouTube video
the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
The problem is that everything on it is already available for free on mod sites. It was supposed to be all new content
Now available OutlawCider Tea Rex Apple Cider 3nationsbrewing GPA Roughtailbeer Everything Rhymes With Orange
Thinking about getting the new Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm With Charging Cable With Supcase
Apple is turning a design quirk into the iPhone Xs defining feature  The Verge
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 16gb Wifi  7.9in  White...
Baking for Dummies  Cider Caramel Apple Pie
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Space Gray Aluminum Mp032lla Black Sport  Used
OriginalFunko have you ever made a Stevejobs funkopop  Will you ever make on apple iphone andonemorething
Only if you are a good girl If youre lucky Ill get you some apple cider
Apple and Amazon take two paths to the same conclusion  that tech companies owe nothing to ... 
New Open Box Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case White Sport Band
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Pink Sports Band
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree I see
Apple Ipad Mini  White And Silver  Used In Good Condition  16 Gb  Ios 9.
OpenBox Certified Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
does something like heor something like apple  projects the wall can mean he or something is projected to wall
so i just watched the apple x video
Ha I only got drug into the Apple stuff 2 or 3 times. Not too bad.
Apple Watch Sport 42mm Aluminum Case Midnight Blue Sport Band  mlc72lla
Apple Ipad Mini 2 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Space Grey Tablet
5 These guys will become millionaires as users transfer playlists from Spotify to Apple Music. 
My apple IDicloud are not charity items or donation items. The 50gb storage lasts 30 days as the receipt proves what i purchased.
Apple I need an LTE capable Macbook in my life
Apple fucked me over in the past too my friend
Apple Watch Nike 42mm Aluminum Case Blackcool Gray Sport Band  mnyy2lla
I wish Apple would work on their software as much as they work on hardware. Im good with my 7.
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case White Sport Band  mnpr2lla
Apple Watch Nike 42mm Aluminum Case Blackvolt Sport Band  Cracked Screen
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Thousand dollar emoji machine lmao
Apple s China VPN Crackdown Is Just the Latest in a Long Line of Companies Caving
AppleNews AppleEvent I need to post the full video to my YouTube channel Apple wGruger 
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Houses are really expensive cars are really expensive and now Apple is like.... LeTs FolLoW tHe TrEnd iPhoneX
Apple Watch Nike 42mm Aluminum Case Blackvolt Sport Band  mp0a2lla
Premium Quality Phone Skins Click
Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Stainless Steel Case Space Black Link Bracelet ..
A  apple PushAwardsKathNiels
Top story Apple will release Face ID security white paper  Business Insider
Apple Watch Series 3 Gps  Cellular  42mm  Space Gray Aluminum  Black Ban
Apple Ipad Mini 2nd Generation 32gb Wifi 7.9in  White  Silver
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Apple Ipad Mini 2 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Black
Apple Ipad Mini 2 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Silver
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Space Gray
New York he is probably stealing an unsecured wifi. Its owed to him. He deserves it and so so much more.
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Space Gray
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree 
This is a BITCH FIGHT. Dirty Frisky Donald Trump will be KISSING Anns Adams Apple in a few days And also sucking on it
Apple Ipad Mini 2 32gb Wifi 7.9in  Space Gray  Works Intermittently
You can tell Im relapsing by my shopping cart diet soda gum popsicles skinny pop baby apple sauce 0 cal water flavor cucumber carrots
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Use fifth harmony and their song he like that for an Apple Music commercial AppleMusic Apple
Bout to buy a bran new apple laptop uh yeeeee
Apple Ipad Mini 2 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Silver
lcbowling this thread has gotten out of control...like egyptian sheets high...sweet mother...its amazingness called apple sauce...
Apple Ipad Mini 16gb A1454 Whitesilver Me033lla
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 32gb Wifi 7.9in  Black  Slate
Typical Apple fan boy reaction. LOL
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Allowing your facial recognition and finergprint  you consent your first amendment rights to Apple
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 32gb Wifi  Cellular jailbroken
RT MacRumors Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Dunno how people fall for Apple hyping up stuff like augmented reality which the fucking Nintendo 3DS  PS Vita could do 56 years ago
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition  Macworld
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Space Gray
Apple why you telling customers to by FM radio when you guys have an FM chip in the phone Just activate it like every other company
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Did you do it through the NHS They said they dont do tracheostomies to me. I will mither them because my Adams apple is huge
This costco apple pie is everything I needed
Apple s Revolutionary Antique iPhone Tech
Face ID on Apple s iPhone X will be limited to one person per device
5 Apple suppliers to watch as the new iPhone rolls out  MarketWatch
Apple Ipad Mini 1st Generation 16gb Wifi 7.9in  Black  Slate
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 3 With Wifi 64gb  Space Gray
Africaanse Apple Macbook.. 
I hate Apple  but its done now  I have 4 days off
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 4 Wifi  Cellular 16gb latest Model  Gold
well we all know that apple is better good
You are the apple of my eye Lynd Fruit Farm
switch it to redds wicked apple and Im down
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 4 Wifi 128gb latest Model  Space Gray
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 3 With Wifi 128gb  Silver
Nasdaq Leads Stocks Up 5 Reasons To Buy And Hold Apple Now
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 3 With Wifi 16gb  Gold
I miss savaughn I miss my friends I miss my family I miss apple valley
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 4 64gb latest Model  Silver
Trying to pick a date with Selina to go apple picking and I told her I was available to go tree picking. Tree picking.
brand New Apple Ipad Mini 4 64gb latest Model  Gold
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
1350 for the 256GB iPhone X w Apple Care... Fuck it  Im gonna have too Hope my upgrade knocks off a little.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy macOS  iOS 
Apple noob
apple You would have had my heart if only you had a egress firewall.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
20 Festive Places to Go Apple Picking Across the Country
TLDR People dont care about price of iPhone and we havent reached the limit on what Apple can charge. X should have been 12001400 IMO.
ur a good apple
Major League Baseball fines the Red Sox for the Apple Watch sign stealing incident
Apple TV
A look back in IPO Apple  the early PC purveyor  TechCrunch 
I think apple is not gonna accept it because you know there restrictions
Apple iPhone 6 Plus a1522 16GB Smartphone GSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Face ID on the iPhone X Everything you need to know about Apple s facial recognition
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Just finished doing my 2 remix this one is my email is still fucked Im currently contacting apple about it but they take ages
Study says Apple datamining safeguards dont protect privacy enough  Engadget
Display Release on apple CAST
When you tell your mom that your talking to your best friend from high school and shes like so hes coming with to the apple orchard right
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Apple is pooping out iPhones
Apple TV
Hi Luis Send us a DM and well walk you through the steps to preorder the Apple Watch TerriL
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Krystalfact Allergic to apple but she loves it
Whether it is populating a DB somewhere I dunno but Id trust Apple over GoogleFacebook in this regard. Apple doesnt need a face DB.
Yooooo I couldnt WAIT for NYE to drink apple cider and watch the marathon. My SHIT
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
My dad bought crocs today a simple reminder that sometimes the Apple falls very very far from the tree lol
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Looks like an Apple
Really wanted the Apple watch series 3 but of course I have TMobile . Why pay for an LTE capable watch when u can only use it 3G speeds
Apple is fucking psychotic 
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
Its coming.
Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
No Apple it is not a new generation.. it collectively has more in common with the iPhone 7 than it does different.
One more THANK YOU note today to the Apple Store Manager Lincoln Road and his team who
So Apple should make a Slide Out keyboard iPhone9 that would be awesome something different iPhone8  iPhoneX they aite though.
KARMA APPLE Strappy side bikini bottoms with moderate coverage now available up to 40
2052  iphone7000
Is there something other than an apple orchard ....im allergic and deserve to have fun at a fall orchard
The back of the phone is glass now Apple cant stop nickel and diming its customers 
Dont try to rewrite history you know that I have been a proud Apple products owner since 1987 when I came back from Korea Youre fake news
Preordered my Apple iPhone8 spacegray 64Gig
I liked a YouTube video
Marketing the iPhone X Piece of cake. Apple s bigger challenge is the iPhone 8 
Samsung users love talking shit like Apple doesnt outsell them using their own tech
Apple and mango is definitely the worst VK flavour
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy privacy
People shouldnt get iPhoneX to tell Apple that the price is not okay at all
Man Thinks He Actually Going To Eat Apple He Just Bought news
Okay but how tf is counterparts905 new album streaming on YouTube but not Apple Music. Im pissed.
Study says Apple datamining safeguards dont protect privacy enough 
Bone Apple Tea 
iDrop News is giving away an Apple Pencil in December enter to win now.
Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I really want to go to a pumpkin patch or go apple picking.
Apple you need to chill with the 999 for a phone
N while were at it all his other shit that never reaches Apple Music like girls love Beyonc sweeterman THE LIST COULD GO ON Drake
If the world ends 1 day after my Apple TV 4K arrives I will be effing lit.
The whole lot Apple introduced at its iPhone X keynote
 Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Check out Apple iPad Generations 16GB 32GB 64gb wifi Apple
A look back in IPO Apple  the early PC purveyor
Please RT recipes food Almond and Custard Apple Dumplings
Its feelin like fall outside so I made homemade apple cobbler thetwinkitchen applecobbler 
Tech Apple s iPhone X notch is an odd design choice  The Verge
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first ...
Wealth Amebo Apple s latest product iPhones X
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Mom So They went from an iPhone 7 to a 8 then a 10 what happened to the 9 Me Because seven eight nine Corny Apple dead Apple 
Follow the advertising money. It has always been that way for Apple
Android owners be like  apple makes iphones slower so you buy a new one having never received a single update from their OEM.
Apple iPhone 87 Barely There Phone Case  Zazzle
Interview Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
Thats like comparing an apple to an orange. They have no correlation. How are you gonna compare the Middle East to North America 
My phones really been fu king up since Tuesday but Im still not gonna buy the new iPhone so u could stop the games Apple
Now I understand fully this is in no way unique blah blah blah spotify android blah blah blah but whatever Apple Music UNDERSTANDS ME ok
Good and thumbs up to Apple .
Ben Thompson wrote about this recently 
Apple Store you wasted my fcking time
No problem. BUT WHERE ARE MY APPLE CIDER DONUTS MICHIGAN
most like to plan around apple s schedule yeah. notable exception is samsung  galaxy usually announced mths ahead to get the jump on apple
https itunes.apple.comusplaylistou tdawoodworksidpl.u55D6ZqVT80vo0L6  OutDaWoodworks Apple Music Playlist
Even Women lo e boobs. America Baseball hotdogs Apple pie  boobs
Mines bad apple Wars closely followed by summon night 6  love the visual novels
reneritchie Anyone else thinking an Apple Watch 3 and iPad Pro LTE and skipping the phone would be ideal setup if allowed
She looks like her daughter... apple dont fall far from the tree
THIS IS NOT A DRILL SUP3RFRUIT scotthoying mitchgrassi STREAM NOW ON SPOTIFY ITUNES a mp APPLE MUSIC 
Live Healthier Snow Whites Enchanted Apple Salad
 New Apple Watch Series 3 Ad Highlights Ability to Stream Apple Music Over Cellular Video
Talk about the apple not falling far from the tree....yeesh.
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to
Apple Tarragon Chicken Salad
Apple s potential end our Austin ondemand photography  Book Reviews Sign up now recovering at how it will not yet.
Stay in Florida and let it continue to scramble your limited brainpower. Record low crime here in the Apple .
Apple store online applicationRT
i just had a green skittle and forgot that its green apple now i was pleasantly surprised.
httpwww. Richbattery.com  Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
You are as bad as the cable companies you are trying to replace. Work it out apple and amazon . This is ridiculous. 
I liked a YouTube video
Told myself I wasnt going to get the new iPhone or the new Apple Watch.... I preordered already
Apple Responds to Safari 11 Criticism From Advertising Groups People Have a Right to Privacy
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature  people have a right to privacy.
An apple watch is just a glorified pager tbh and it makes me sick
Homeless but with internet access 
WIRED Nice clickbait you got there From Apple  When it comes to law enforcement requests for Face ID data Apple has no data to provide.
You know I love Apple Music cos their scripts make me a mix every week thats all my favorite songs  they always include Sisters of Mercy
CRISPR What Does Gene Editing Mean for the Future of Primal Living  Marks Daily Apple
No. Rumor that they may have only contributed to to it. If it was the actual FRS apple would have paid more than a few million fucktard
Study says Apple datamining safeguards dont protect privacy enough  Engadget
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
GIRL FIGHT ME APPLE JUICE IS A DISGRACE
Todo aggregate RSS feeds for UX  Swift blogs. Currently just have FeedlyReeder set up for Apple Android consumerism news lol .
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature 
FionaOdlum FoodNetworkCA I made the Ina garten apple pie bars. Very good Like a shortbread cookie crossed with an apple pie.
I liked a YouTube video
Update 
Is Apple about to introduce a new ARtechnology 
Tell me about it. My phones gone to shit Shannons tablet has gone to shit  Apple have the WORST customer service ever.
Apple iPhone 8 Lightning Dock New Gold Color Comparison
you know what I take back the apple shit your word is toxic
You mean the iPhone 7s
Not big on eating an apple  simply throw it away and have crisps instead .. On. Trend.
Shame on you YETICoolers for the apple iPhone move... cause Toddfather or shame on me for buying it
Apple FaceID not going to work with a garment that covers your face. Islamophobia 
Stops at the Apple Store...
DigiSlice I love Apple TV 4k
Apple Updates App Store to Remove iPhone Antivirus Apps
Here are the links    Spotify
I liked a YouTube video
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Seven really ate nine which is why Apple launched iPhoneX instead on iPhone9
Get on the Apple Store app and wait it out
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Its what Steve Jobs is to vintage Apple auctions.
KARMA APPLE Strappy side bikini bottoms with moderate coverage now available up to 40
now its permanently stuck on the apple logo which I think means I need to take it to an Apple Genius. I wore this like four times ever
I spilled sno cone juice on my white shirt and miranda dropped her caramel apple we are not ok
yo everyone check out Alive  Nate Nixon on apple music my boy jessesine made the beat
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Another fire tape from way back drake got STAIN w apple he need all the heartbreak drake tapes comeback season. N the FULL version of this
Apple Stores Will Replace Broken iPhone Displays iPhone iPod
Im still baffled Apple changed 7s 7s plus and 8 to 8 8 plus and x. Skipping over 9
I just entered to win an Apple Watch band from ThrifterDaily  Go enter
. Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
 Apple responds to ad groups criticism of Safari cookie blocking
Display Release on apple CAST
Going out to dinner tonight Make smart choices Save money iPhoneX Apple funny datenight CrackerBarrel CrackerBarrel Apple 
This weeks podcast with the legendary fromedome . We talk Apple watch mostly weirdly enough.
Call the liquor locker bring me some apple vodka
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
Apple iPad 4 LTE ATT 32GB Black  NICE ZUGUCASE via eBay
Really cool commercial by apple 
It is far easier for Apple to just start the normal front facing camera to get shot of face and send it to FBI
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET 
Apple MacBook Pro A1278 13.3 Laptop  MD101LLA June 2012
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
The Acaphiliacs have some great news Our sing Wicked Game originally by Chris Isaak is OFFICIALLY on Apple Music and Spotify 
Apple iPhone 6s Plus a1687 64GB LTE CDMAGSM Unlocked Certified Refurbished  Gold 
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
Apple s iPhone X Facial recognition called a marvel and a concern  The Mercury News
Drinking a Rad Apple by SociableCider at sociablecider 
Apple is wildin lmao
Some new tech to make our job easier Apple MacbookPro SmallBusiness RbiCru7 GTSDistribution Apple 
 Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Was the iPhone X Face ID demo a fail Apple says nope.
NEW Multiple Unlocked Apple iPhone 8 or 8 Plus Space Gray Gold Silver 256GB
Apple would really do that tho
I love apple music
I liked a YouTube video
South Florida SunSentinel To Apple  Activate FM Chips In iPhones
Hamilton trends now Canada Apple  Ottawa McMaster Mississauga.
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
today we had ElaDarling on for a convo about apple  ai and the only logical endgame murderous sex robots. watch
Banana brains youre the apple of my eye stay with me tonight
Feels like Apple could have  should have known demand focus on X. Wonder rationale for broadening offering instead of narrowing to X...
Bone apple tea 
IF the FaceID sensors IR camera have similar encryption then nobody can ask Apple to inject an FBI test for a face
apple is slowly starting to try to have features as an andriod  im getting annoyed.
I gotta agree with that mcdouble for a buck.... Yessssssss 
i legit just bought the apple music membership bc nothing is as good as it
Apple Watch
Struggled with acne my whole life had every product known to man.. apply a cotton ball in apple cider vinegar every night ...MIRACLE PRODUCT
Î¾Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Very awkward seeing Craig using Apple Pay with iPhone X. Using Apple Pay with Apple Watch Series 0 and iPhone 5s so much more seamless. Sad
 Apple Watch Series 3 LTE Doesnt Work With Prepaid Wireless Plans
Apple been fuckin me over tho
fall leaves and apple cider what are we seeing
Apple Watch
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature
Izz not by apple and leather jacket my g
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging
My phone is annoying apple definitely does something to these phones
Got an iPhone 8 Apple brand silicone case midnight blue color today. Very excited to put an iPhone 8 into the case 
Im bout to get a carmel apple yall cant tell me shit 
Its a MacBook pro that has forgot its OS and replacing the thermal paste. I hate Apple products
I just want to go apple picking
Boulder County scanner North and South Apple Valley Road being shut down because of crash near on St. Vrain Road near LyonsCO
Boulder County scanner North and South Apple Valley Road being shut down because of crash near on St. Vrain Road near LyonsCO
Boulder County scanner North and South Apple Valley Road being shut down because of crash near on St. Vrain Road near LyonsCO
Sometimes i have to look up emojis between apple and samsung because they can mean two totally different things and it is disappointing
Looks like Apple is running out of ideas...nothing special or revolutionary..
The Secret Message In The Apple Keynote For Entrepreneurs
For a peck of apples I used just 1 cup of turbinado sugar. The fruit sugars are plenty IMO. Heres the apple crisp preoven arricooks 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC bratliff007  Apple TV started playing Wakefield.
Face ID was Apple s 1st choice for iPhone X not Touch ID
Had this on loop pretty much all day If it aint the record player its Apple Music Absolutely
Day 2 iPhoneFallLaunch2017 includes a twist on the Apple Eating Contest Apple Pie  Unli Iced Tea for everyone MakatiExcalibur BlackDay 
i literally had the dreamiest man help me get an apple watch today ATT help me connect with the love of my life
How about the Apple ID info  Any reliable source  That you know
Apple Core take a two minute minor putting the Knights on a Powerplay
Thank you
Holy cow this is HUGE Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API
Big D BBQ. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
Apple How Many RTs For A Free IPhone X XD
Apple weighs in on the netneutrality fight.
Thank you to many volunteers and awesome coaches...Heilman Ermisch Joyce B and A. Zeller..another APPLE JACK CC race has come and gone
Beef roast with carrots mushrooms and potatoes mac  cheese  green beans  cornbread and mini apple pies with vanilla ice cream.
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7 32GB  Black NEWUNLOCKED
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Rose Gold CLEAN Verizon Factory UNLOCKED
If Samsung made iphones ...theyd look just like Apple s X but not so cool. And they certainly wouldnt cost 10
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Black TMobileUnlocked Smartphone
On Apple itunes My song Mystery Eyes
Pine Apple Picking 
http Archive.org has a pretty sweet Apple II emulator
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Authentic Reason Apple  BlackBerry and Windows Skipped the 9 Version Read more
So Apple is coming out with the iPhone 8 and the iPhone X Calm down bruh I cant handle that 
Apple please tell me that persontoperson Apple Pay will be available in Canada
Witch is better 1 Apple Music 2pandora 3you tube red My answer is 1 apple Music wat is yours
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first
been a busy day with my awesome little family apple picking got out ran by the 2 year old and now a quiet night in with my love
Cinnamon apple struesel surprise thanks webergrills 
Apple and naming things
30 Jake Nimeh extends the Knights lead over the Apple Core assist from Nick Peck 
All of my purple life... Ive been waiting for this overpriced Apple official  piece of rubber to come out 
UH only on ESPN3. I had to break out the Apple TV
Crown apple is delicious I was sleep
Do u want me to buy a Samsung  like what
ESPNs Multicast on Apple TV is everything 
I liked a YouTube video
Beyond irritated why would they drink my apple juice
Clem Mikeskas BBQ. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
Please RT vegetarian vegan healthyfood recipes 20 Savory Apple Recipes to Try This Fall
Swatch shares drop after Apple unveils new Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular
lol I just realized Apple pulled a Microsoft skipping numbers like that
I liked a YouTube video
Took a shower  my hair smells like green apple . What kind of head  shoulders is this
GodOfDoilys told me to get her an apple from her bag but when I looked there were only stupid emojis everywhere
if you sour apple bitter bitches dont move. tryna stop cardis shine like a tall building. shameful.
Apple how many rts to get LanieHeadley a new phone because hers is always broke
Listening to A Mistake Album Version by Fiona Apple from When The Pawn....
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Apple Siri is very very lackluster when compared to GoogleNow
If anyone has any charred MAGA hat remains Id like to purchase them in exchange for a pile of shit and a half eaten apple .
Allergic to apple but she loves it
Do you need Apple for it I have Android.
Apple s New iPhone X With FaceID Takes Giant Step Closer To A Mark Of The Beast Surveillance System
cool gift 4 1MORE Triple Driver InEar Headphones EarphonesEarbuds with Apple iOS and Android Compatible
Apple is announcing a new iPhone and its stock is spiking AAPL
Its free on Apple Music if you got the subscription ...download it
Apple butter Made and canned How do you like them apples apples preserve 
Apple never falls to far fr0m its Tree...
Half drenuf  half apple cider Happy Fall yall 
MuslimChristian Apple Picking  Corn Maze trip wesleyanu LymanOrchards 
Loveydoveying with who plus some french toasts and apple juice... jk jk I dont feel like eating now
MACBOOK PRO 2016 TOUCH ID HACKED GLITCH apple MacBookPro
Apple computers arent worth it in general
I really wish apple would embrace the SE size again.
If Samsung made iphones ...theyd look just like Apple s X but not so cool. And they certainly wouldnt cost 10
Jay smiles and walks back in kissing him just lay down and pick a few movies on my hulu he handed Steve his apple tv remote.
iPhone X Apple release date 2017  Specs and Price 27 October with shipping to begin 3 November
Apple iPhone 5c  8GB  White Verizon Smartphone
Why The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
ChickfilA is for sure the Apple of fast foods
Drinking a Sour Apple Dank by pizzaportbeer at pizzaportbeer 
mala fone ryuko bymyths and I have to give my opinion on Apple changing to ARM for macOS devices
EJ Apple Be Havinnng My Stomach Hurting
Onion rings. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
apple suuuuuuuuucks. Dont tell anyone. Its a secret.
Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API
I go to apple to fix my camera and now they broke touch id smh
Think of a honeycrisp apple soaked in rum for about a year. The... Rum BarrelAged Deceit 2017
Anxiety free day at the pumkin patch Untill we kept hitting dead ends  walked a few circles in the corn maze . Apple pumpkin picking 
At least the apple was the healthy option... its Sunday you havent had a jammy wagon wheel today go for it...you know it makes sense
On Apple itunes My song Mystery Eyes
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Whos gonna get me the iMacPro iMac Apple
My new single Up For Air is out now On iTunes Spotify Pandora  Apple music make sure to
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
I forget to check Apple s inventory.
the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple refusal to remove Safari privacy feature upsets ad industry
Check out Tiffany  Co Apple Paperweight Engraved Euntes Docete 2002 Teach Them All TiffanyCo
Apple Cider Vinegar Rinse burning like I got a perm. hairday
Apple will give this a copyright strike p
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes 
Apple was pretty much like we are taking everything you love about iPhone and scrapping it. go be a photographer AppleEvent
Ich mag das YouTube Video
i didnt know that apple has refurbished iphones and its cheap almost got an iphone that had chinese parts 
 Apple dont give enough choice  apple releases variety of phones to give more choice Laugh at Apple with all the choice
Apple Explain to me why in iTunes 12.7 you removed the Apps view from the menu.
So I settled on an apple crisp with an oat topping. Heres a pic f the spice mix used cinnamonnutmegcardamom  fresh ginger arricooks 
What fruit do you eat the most often  Apple
Meats ready for the smoker at Clem Mikeskas BBQ. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and
If Samsung made iphones ...theyd look just like Apple s X but not so cool. And they certainly wouldnt cost 10
Samsung May Have Outdone Apple s Announcement With Their Foldable Smartphone
Already preordered iPhone8Plus
Will the apple cider seltzer burn
Apple Stock Surges Based on Mystery Sales and Supply of iPhone 7
Ebook The Vampire Castle newly released as The Shadow Garden now on Apple  Kobo BarnesNoble  has a sequel...
I would totally go and buy an Iphone if they did this. Hey Siri where can I find some good waffles
h7rrison is a brand just as big as apple like its a trademark a company like it can never be matched
Yooooo..... this candy apple good as a bitch
iTunes 12.7 Released Removes App Store. Apple itunes
This Week In Credit Card News Scammers Construct Fake People To Obtain Cards Apple Takes On Venmo
30 Awesome Uses for Apple Cider Vinegar  Eat This Not That
HUGS 4 CSSully 4 NO chewing in mic Find out what food they tried. FunkoFunkast needs to try APPLE PIE
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree does it.
Apple IPhone 6  16GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone Price 222.50 View and Buy this item ...
Apple iPhone 6  128GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone win 
Why it absolutely matters what Angela Ahrendts wore on stage at Apple s iPhone launch event
If Samsung made iphones ...theyd look just like Apple s X but not so cool. And they certainly wouldnt cost 1000  Daily Mail 
Apple Watch unlock seems more reliable on macOS High Sierra Wonder if its a real improvement or just perceived.
Apple s Craig Federighi Uncertainty About Face ID Will Melt Away Once People Get iPhone X
bone apple tea
Potential buyers are Apple customers. Apple customers despise hearing that Apple caught up to competition. Catch 22
Apple s iPhone with best battery life is iPhone 8 Plus not iPhone X  Business Insider
Market beating  a phone Apple are so proud of theyve superseded it before anyone actually gets one
I saw that Nancy thank you so much I dont have a PC or Apple device but thank you for thinking of me
An apple a day..
Apple bees was fire
Its an Apple internal software that they use to flash firmware eg switchboard on prototype devices.
Im at Apple Fifth Avenue in New York NY
Cele Store BBQ. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
Has anybody used the student option on Apple Music Ive been trying for 2 days to get mine to work and nothing is happening lolol
my apple watch dont do that. how you do that
drawing I did of myself at the Apple storeand we set alarms on the iPads for 6pm on like 5 of them 
I was suppose to go to the Apple Store
Apple people...LMAO
Probably apple juice so he can spike it..
And here I thought I could get an extra iPad for one of our inner city schools. I live on my iPad even with laptop and an Apple phone etc
Apple Pen latepost umami danico parisdiaries 4thdimension frenchship instacocktail 
Great article covering lots of bases and concerns on Apple s FaceID Technology. Of course time will tell.
Heres us apple picking without a single photo of us picking apples 
Own a slice of Alibaba Apple sitting in India Heres how you can invest in global stocks across 24 couyries ...
Thats pretty cool is it cheaper than Apple Music
How to Motion Track Text and Graphics  Apple Motion Tutorial
Me Currently in memeslikeus walklikeus x wlu Apple Upper West Side
Apple Watch
from 65  Vintage Apple Macintosh Duo 270c Laptop In Working Order With Duo Dock
ComedyCentral XFINITY login is available on your desktop site. On the Apple TV app it isnt. I have to AirPlay it over pls fix the app 
Fitness wearables will soon diagnose by design not by chance
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
BestAppleWireless  Apple MFi Certified  Apple Watch Charger Poweradd iWatch Magnetic Charging Cable 3.3
Apple is moving mad.
Ebook The Vampire Castle newly released as The Shadow Garden now on Apple  Kobo BarnesNoble  has a sequel...
Listening to Extraordinary Machine by Fiona Apple from Extraordinary Machine.
Sounds like Apple is gearing up to produce a glucose diabetes monitor for its Watch. At last futurist
RockCountry cherry pie apple pie any decent movieRemember the Titans ducksbald eagles. Trucks are fine.
Tbh I have this same issue but my Apple Music library because I downloaded it as a joke
Apple better fuck off. Im tryna log into my shit and they wont let me.
Finally broke down and bought an Apple Watch
The fucking apple fanatic of course
AppleMusic how do I get my music on apple play
Guess Payton can go to the apple farm tomorrow
Tbh I dont see why any other company would make a phone apple has this shit perfected
I wish I had apple care
i made tiny caramel chocolate apple thingies
can you pls text me the recipe you used for apple crumble
Today was an amazing day. Truth was written. The bad apple bitten. But as always. Dreamotivate has me. Helped me to strive for a better me
Dont know who likes the FaceID but the indentation of iPhoneXEdition really sucks Looks awkward iPhone8 AppleEvent Apple timcook
Mss Medas Music Buzz  Follower Gems Now Blind by Matia on Apple Music
Im about to go to Apple to see what the cost gonna be to fix my laptop
Cutting the Ribs. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
With your current acount balance which Apple product can you buy Apple juice Silence
Has Apple become a kind of secular faith Maybe someone should write a story about that
Apple of my eye. 
Had this happen last week. I think Apple tryna push users to the new phone lowkey
OTOH Apple s first iterations were pretty good in recent history Watch iPhone 6 iPhone Plus new Apple TV iPad Pro to name a few
First homemade cinnamon roll recipe of the season Caramel Apple sweet rolls made with fresh picked apples. 
Yours too Apple be doing the most when new phones come out
JeffMauro I saw your episode of The Kitchen today and made the apple buttercaramel sauce. It is delicious. I put it over peach pie. Thanx
Check out my post above about the free trial if Showtime that streams on a PC or Apple device. Try
Dont forget my new album SPIRITGUNNER is available on Spotfiy  Apple Music  Pandora for
Hey... I know what you can bake... apple strudel is your uncles fave FdoAguirreCEO
Slicing the Brisket. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and Android app stores or
I sang that Apple pen song to my colleague today since hes never heard of it. Yall should have seen his face
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
wait they have it on apple music
Sounds like you have it all figured out.. Maybe you should build your own phone  crush Apple .
Point still stands. Somebody at Apple needs to take their head out of their ass.
Loving Wise Apple  healthy lunches delivered. Thanks tryazon  getwiseapple digintolunch convenient free4me2try
17 Apple Recipes Youll Fall For  Serious Eats
Pretty sure bobdotexe did something similar but animated. Not sure if its for apple watches though.
Report Red Sox used Fitbit not Apple Watch in signstealing controversy
So we went to a local apple orchard today weekending 
AppleSupport I am in Peru so I was wonder if I can call to apple call center using skype.
Apple starts rolling out 4K HDR content to iTunes upgrading prior purchases free of charge  9to5Mac
HeadToHead Apple iPhone X Vs. iPhone 8  CRN Mobile
Someones already received a reply from Apple saying that if you buy a single  then complete the album it nulls the single purchase anyway
thegamersjoint if Apple comes out with iPhone XIII lets get it
Skipping the first iteration on a new Apple design was always a good idea. I wonder how many people will do that with the X.
Apple  iPhone X Space Gray
Ok wheres the Android equivalent of the Apple watch 3
I just put it on repeat in Apple Music  turned the volume off. She deserves.
his adams apple woahh 
Man if only we could do animated Apple Watch faces... 
So no explanation on Beachs motivation Maybe he was just a bad apple . VTTBOTS
Do you want to get the Apple Watch  i have the apple watch
Apple s New FaceID Could Be A Powerful Mass Spying Tool  Zero Hedge
my dad got us apple music 
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
apple testing me and i dont like it.
 Apple marketing bot sees tweet He mentioned IPhone X Send all the offers
everyone is complaining that apple didnt make an iphone 9 but i think that you all forgot that 7 8 9...
Those with an Apple Watch  what are you favorite health apps that integrate with the Watch
Pit master Tootsie mops the chicken at Snows BBQ. Get the FREE Sauce Shop App in the Apple and
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Apple refusal to remove Safari privacy feature upsets ad industry
Today so far Ive had An apple A burger Two beers Pizza fries Half a pizza This is living
Apple MacBook 12 M5 512 GB SSD 8GB RAM Space Gray  MLH82LLA April 2016
Dear Iphone users This is how I do my shopping. Dont worry Apple will add this NEW feature in 2020 and you guys will fall for it. 
Please RT iphone ipad mac New Apple Patents Suggest Refocusing 3D Sensing Technologies For iPhone 6
russdiemon is the most played artist on my apple music  i fw it
dairy free apple pie Oreos. Must try
That login with your Apple ID scam for your lost iPhone almost got me
New on ebay New Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone.
It is. But Apple Pie is on a whole nother level
New on ebay Apple Iphone 7 32gb Unlocked Black New
Stop this right now....this may be the deal breaker of leaving Apple Music
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Black ATT Smartphone
Caradelevingne KarlLagerfeld She doesnt need 2 do wanted 2 find out lesbian or not not supposed got some1 to say Paris Burns Marry Me
DrPepperSnapple you should make sure your distributors dont sell moldy apple juice like ChipotleTweets did today 
Apple s DataMining Privacy Protections May Fall Short
iOS Cloud Music Player App apple ios iosapp iosmusicapp musicdownload downloadmusic iphone ipad
Each to their own I dont even claim iPhones are better  just find it amusing how smug android users can be vs. how first apple fans were
Kinda lost interest in new iPhones once Apple got rid of the headphone jack.
Apple tell me why my iphone 7 start acting up the exact same day the iPhone 8 and X came out
Those showoff emojis. My 2 year old googlenexus can do this 
nytimesbusiness Another year from now Ill watch another Apple event believing that with one more upgrade I mi
Connecticut state officials are hopeful this years apple harvest will double expectations after last years freeze.
Gimme the fucking apple . 
I never realised how solid Apple s security was before. After a few experiences with shoddy software I just kinda came to not trust them
 Wow it takes Apple a WEEK to give me my account back from recovery. Cant download anything on my phone til next Fri. Cool.
Apple picking night wynnfarms Great time Wynn Farms Apple Orchard
Driftless Regions Crawford County busy with cycling art and apple fests this fall
Apple Cider Whiskey Smash Sooo good. Just tastes like a fall
Why the Apple Watch with LTE means a very Appley sort of freedom
Memphis we gotta find this Im tryna spike the apple cider all fall 
I was going to use just my Apple TV but fuck dot.
there are too many Ralph Lauren wankers.
iPhoneX is Apple s swan song Apple has run out of ideas
Confessions of an Apple nerd lately Ive been using Google Assistant behind Siris back.
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Heres the Latest on Apple s iPhone X and iPhone 8  Fortune
Kai and Luhan shared an apple before.
ijustine jennaezarik preordered an iPhone 8 should I get a apple leather case or silicon
Im predicting a lot of people will have the same reaction. It could really hurt Apple from a brandingpositioning perspective
what do you mean hes a good bloke
Award Winning Horror Thriller no longer Amazon Exclusive On Apple iBooks Nook Now
Drinking a Crisp Apple by AngryOrchard 
Apple its sad how you have people buying your phones but the faceID is really for NSA use and a secret to store into the system nice one
FitTech Feature.
I just bit into a red apple and it was sour and Ive never been so confused in my life I almost dropped my apple
Whats apple gonna do with my thumb prints besides give them to the government
Apple Park employees revolt over having to work in openplan offices
If science is magic you don think of finding anything..Generation of Tech Apple of science SamsungMobile of science Microsoft of science
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
I dont have ShwT but gonna try the free trial 2 stream on PC or Apple device. Trial is 7 days then cancel 2 avoid chrge. Hope it works.
Just got a scary realistic apple spam email almost had me until they asked my soc....
Assigned to Big Apple agency on March 23rd 2012. ShimazakiHarukaFacts
So at least in design...they lifted the Samsung Edge Nice play Apple ...nice. Samsung Apple
apple iphone 7 128 
Steve Jobs Fast Facts View CNNs Fast Facts to learn more about life of Steve Jobs cofounder of Apple Inc. m
Shes the apple to my pie Dubuque Iowa
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Heres the Latest on Apple s iPhone X and iPhone 8  Fortune
 apple juice
Apple facial recognition. privacy 
RichMegastore RT ReGeeken  Im in an apple store tweeting on my Samsung  This is as rebel as I get. Stick it to the man
Theyre not wrong but that seems like sacrificing user experience for business needs exactly the opposite of what Apple used to stand for
iTunes Top Apple White People Renovating Houses  South Park
Apple what if you guys added a solar panel to the X People would barely have to charge there iPhones anymore. Is this possible
Awesome
Celebrating Grant Hart this weekend. Candy Apple Grey currently on the turntable. RIP 
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Paid in full by Apple to meet Apple s standards which are greater than Samsungs standards.
Dont worry Well put the last apple presentation on he wont be able to resist
Another year from now Ill watch another Apple event believing that with one more upgrade I might be perfected
What really happened with Apple s Face ID aposfailapos onstage UPDATED 
Apple s Face ID Can Be Disabled In Emergency
Apple iPhone 7  7 Plus  Samsung Galaxy S8  S8 Plus BlackBerry KeyOne 
Making apple pies If there is enough time we will also make blueberry appleseason 
Mmm Apple
When it comes out lets go check it out I might just get the 10 and say fuck it.
I would love the Apple Trailers app to be able to add movies to my calendar. FirstWorldProblems
Caradelevingne KarlLagerfeld It hurts so much France taking out Heidi by funding the Germans told her if anyone asks German 2006
New artwork for sale  Rosy Apple Blossoms 
My short film Sitting in the Whataburger Drive Thru Listening to Fiona Apple While it Rains has officially been accepted into Sundance
Apple picking at orchard Willcox Arizona
Mac Apple iPad 1st First Generation 16GB A1219 Tested  Working for 29.00 with 29d 22h via eBay
If you but halo top ice cream on apple crisp that makes it a little healthier right
I love apple picking
That Apple didnt fall from the tree of treason
What happened to iPhone W Cant have X before W. Fucking Apple  get it right.
Expected transparent and unbiased words from MKBHD 
Wow can I have your apple 
apple iphone 7 plus black 
But i guess just like an apple can never be healthy after it has rotten And a man can never be resurrected after he is dead 13
I want to go apple picking and to the pumpkin fest this year I swear Im going this year I dont care if I have to go alone either
Apple picking and so joking around
Cool buy me one too
iPhoneUpdate  Heres the Latest on Apple s iPhone X and iPhone 8  Fortune
iPhoneUpdate  New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Apple iPad 2 with WiFi 32GB  Black 2nd generation  B via eBay
KIND Apple Cinnamon and Pecan Fruit and Nut Bars 1.4 Oz 12 Count
Buying a kilt as we speak. Because bagpipe jokes are just overrated. Going to riot Apple so they add it.
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB TMobile  Space Gray  Clean ESN  SEE SCREEN
It is available in all countries that Apple and Android allow it.
im this pretend im holding my fingers together close to suing apple
Someone bring me dunkins apple cider
My phone buggin. You aint slick Apple
Apple hiring Siri engineer with psychology background to make it a better therapist
Whoa. apple needs to update Houston satellite images This has been the cereal aisle at Kroger for YEARS now 
An apple core Means Sorry all gone.
yall need a moose emoji Apple
iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple Watch LTE 
It is a larger phone with a pen and other accessories. iPhone X is a test product.
Im in an apple store tweeting on my Samsung  This is as rebel as I get. Stick it to the man
You need this version..Pen Pineapple Apple Pen PPAP Christmas ver.  WHITE JAM WJFSHIROSE ...
Today I brought home a bushel of apples. Anybody want some apple butter Or applesauce Or apple cake Or apple muffins Or apple cupcakes
yep but i always see the same thing... apple juice and a piece of celery.
Report Red Sox used Fitbit not Apple Watch for sign stealing 
architecture interiordesign deco Apple s new campus vs. Dave Eggerss The Circle in breathless..
Sometimes you ask why did I ever switched to Apple from nokia   Lookout SamsungMobile I may be moving to you if the deals right
You should know Sheeple configure their macros so any time they type another manufacturer the computer changes it to Apple
Yes. Some features are cool and some are potrayed as new inventions to tech world even though its not
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Gonna get this streaming on Spotify Apple Music  all that jazz next month
Should I switch from Apple to Samsung
When are apple gonna get a grip and finally improve there chargers..... once again mine has broken
Bluetooth vulnerability lets hackers take over your Apple  Samsung and Google devices in seconds
For 99 cents thing so i went back and then i chose the student plan after that died out and never came back to Apple Music till today lool
Okay i dont understand the people on fb trying to sell their apple watches for 100 more than a brand new one 
Win the up and coming new iPhone from Apple PLUS other top Smartphones 
I wanna go buy a candy apple the riverfest but i dnt wanna go alone 
Apple s new wearables advance Tuesday with Apple Watch S3 AirPods 2  AppleInsider press release blog
btw Apple should totally bundle Schlijper.nl
Is there a least contact for the Apple Watch
The apple did not fall far from the tree .. family of liars
Apple pie moonshine good god
niggas so annoying complaining abt the chaser not being on Apple Music when infinitize was never on iTunes in the first place
Erouax has already brainwashed the new tmods 
If the Apple IPhone x costs nearly 2K wtax then I think Apple should start a rewards program. 
1000 for a phone Have Apple been drinking cider
So excited to go apple picking with my love tomorrow
I LOVE SOUR APPLE LOLLIES
apple picking maskerorchards howboutthemapples cckcolumbia
architecture interiordesign deco Apple will move into an iconic former power station in London
I need to go to the apple orchard
Touch screen display eframe apple iphone 6s plus a Latina
NEXTCON session by Apple was the best from the day for me. 
I did the 3month free thing when they first came out then went to Spotify then I went back to Apple Music then Spotify had this 3 months
architecture interiordesign deco Apple will move into an iconic former power station in London
Apple is so cheap they didnt even buy the most expensive screens from Samsung lmao
YEA MY PHONE HELLA STUPID I HAVE AN APPLE  BUT DEADASS IVE HAD IT FOR LIKE 3 WEEKS FML
Apple always hit on the spot this time really hard one
I just checked in at Apple Retail Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Went to a flea market today and then eventually passed out on the couch. Going to the apple festival tomorrow.
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNet
If this list was an album Id just download football Apple pie and bald eagles on iTunes.
Bingo This is what Apple and the Globalist want...
House for Sale 410 Apple Valley Rd Duncan SC  Powered by vFlyer
Whats that Stalking your ex NOT NAH MOREEE  dont know why Apple dont employ me. innovator psychobitch
Doing some spelling tonight. Craving spiced apple cider to welcome the fall weather. So many
Apple s September 12 Event New Products And The Tech Sectors Push Into Healthcare  Benzinga healthdata hcbiz
Ive just posted on my Blog about Honey Apple  Chedda
architecture interiordesign deco Apple s new campus vs. Dave Eggerss The Circle in breathless quotes
Its this simple Bad guys dont follow laws or care about rulesTheyll find ways to get them illegally.The people losing are normal people
The wireless chargers at Starbucks will get updated to support iPhone X and 8
OnePlus Dash Charge beats other quick charging tech Another reason why people need to pay attention to brands other than Samsung and Apple 
Can Fitbit Survive Apple In The War For Your Wrist. Read more
The Apple Watch will be throttled to 3G data speeds on TMobiles network
If by strawberries you mean  apple  then yes. He is a citrus  When right wing trying to sound intelligent... allfruitsmatter
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Its like a big waste of money and greedy Apple Corp
lots of apple iphones 6 6s plus 5 5c 4s ipad ipod
Loving the Chicken Liver with beer apple henriettared chihuahua RomeoElPerrito Henrietta Red
Yes thats an octopus working on an iMac you are not hallucinating. Apple Mac Saskatoon
There Fixed it Its no masterpiece but tis the season for Apple Pie JenMsft do you make pies 
Apple messed up faceID Probably rushed it to release Why is MKBHD blindly trusting their explanation for the mess No two sides 
Heres What We Think the Price Tag Will Be on Apple s New iPhone
Apple cider is life
architecture interiordesign deco Apple will move into an iconic former power station in London
My favorite apples  macouns  are in farmers markets and stores now. Crisp tart an apple s apple . Theyll only be here for a few weeks.
Im at Apple  Upper East Side in New York NY
iSKYS Silicone Protective CaseSleeveCover for New Apple TV 4th Generation Siri Remote Controller  Apple TV Moun
The only thing worse than Apple fanbois are the androidbores ranting about how crap iPhones are. Just like Mac fans were about PCs
Caradelevingne KarlLagerfeld Savannah savage ana trying to hurt me Wendys Chili finger stay Frosty not Jack Frost EVIL Knopf
architecture interiordesign deco Apple s new campus vs. Dave Eggerss The Circle in breathless..
Apple to ad industry Tough luck privacy comes first  CNET
apple
Imagine having to carry a baby for 9 months have to deal with cramps and labour tapos ipapangalan mo lang sa kanya  Apple  Carlo
Wish we had a good fraction of the reporters who covered Apple product launch this week on health insurance right now
Its made by the Pie Ladies at the Lincoln County Apple Festival So its good pie
 Im done with my Popsicle can I have an apple  MarissaK19
Yeah you guys got me with that 4K 60P video.. Already ordered an 8 Plus from my mobile provider.
St James Winerya Apple Pie wine is
Save 14  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB  1 Year Apple Warranty  Apple C
Football 810 Apple pie 910 Sweet tea 610 Trucks 610 Country Music 510 ...Titans 310 Bald Eagles 910 America 610
I just checked in at Apple Retail Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Luckily my brand isnt associated with ANY burny fires. Unlike apple ...
Heres why Tim Cook may cut Apple s biggest deal ever in Japan  Gulf Times
Great to see Apple bringing privacy to the masses
They still found a way in that video to praise Apple over Android when they said Apple made those features better.
Actually no. There is nothing racist about trying to confirm that someones claims are true and thats all it was. Get a grip.
Maybe there somoene hacking your acc using your cc to buy.. umm but i guess you can check with apple for which user the purchase made from
It was a comment on a specific word she was trying to type and also a joke. Proofreading was not the point. 
 AAPL The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil Now on
Went apple picking and didnt pick a single apple  the kids were having to much fun in the activity part of the farm
360WiseNews  The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Secret Apple Watch controls How to use the Digital Crown and side button
I liked a YouTube video
Just preordered the Apple Watch series 3 for Leo and myself I swear hes so spoiled bestgfawardgoestome
Smfh I cant believe they took my nigga apple yo
Ribs when done right are SUPER. A little apple juice in the mixture helps.
Smh well we love gingers
Also why yes Apple and timcook I would like to create a watch face with this picture. 
Apple Looking To Hire Siri Engineer With Psychology Background.
Drinking an Evil Apple Ale by Tall Tales Brewing Company Roxborough 
Yees apple pie  Acb entry marathon
Honestly I think the iphone x is gonna waste my money Apple
timcook Ive seen your pain  FACE ID Im sorry apple AppleEvent2017
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple File Deletion
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple File Deletion
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple File Deletion
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Halloween DIY Watch and learn how to make a hauntingly good Mickey Ghost Apple at home
So glad I have a girlfriend that will go to the corn maze fair paint pumpkins cuddle drink apple cider watch scary movies with me
Do fayedsouza mirrornow know Apple sold 2.5 million iphones in India n 2016 Are they RICH That answers why India ready 4 BulletTrain 
how many of yall use Apple Pay like it proscons
Cherry Apple Cider popsicles I made with or without vodka Yummy 
Apple Watch is a health and fitness device. Id be careful not to equate pure fitness with health. Suspect this explains a bit.
When you want apple pie but power is still out in Florida because of Irma....
iPhone X iPhone8 Apple Watch Series 3 are finally here
Ive bought an apple battery case for exactly that reason. Heavier and thicker like me but lasts much longer unlike me
Siri still sucks
Yes one of my favorite Apple products ever
I CANT AFFORD THE IPHONE X LET ME LIVE APPLE . Stop glitching my phone 
if u wear a case on your apple watch. your gay
webAdvice Designing for iPhone X  Fall 2017  Videos  Apple Developer
Top story Designing for iPhone X  Fall 2017  Videos  Apple Developer
Great service We hosted a customer event here the weekend of the ice storm. Apple cider juice health benefits Flights...
Musubo Fashion PU Leather Flip Case For iPhone 7 Plus Phone Cases for Apple iphone 8 6 Plus 6s Stand Cover With Card
Top story Rivalry between Apple and Samsung in smartphones will grow fiercer
And homemade French Apple Pie for dessert But i forgot the ice cream 
On a side note Started the other day drinking a 14 cup of apple cider vinegar a day. Not bad tasting once ya get past the WAHLALALAERRBLA
I liked a YouTube video
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
New Apple iPhone 10 X Edition 256 GB Pre Order
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Moving on from the wine.... apple pineapple cider yum beer cider grapefest notdriving 
Have you seen the definitelynotdrinking Apple koolaid defense of the notch that its actually about branding
Who told Josh where the Golden apple was... I give em enough rope... They put themselves in the air... I just kick away the chair BB19
Samsung cares about their costumers unlike Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Steady Flow Growler House  SteadyFlowGH  Ds Wicked Green Apple  dswickedcider  is on replacing Summit Cider Uncrushable Apricot
Ds Wicked Green Apple  dswickedcider  is on replacing Summit Cider Uncrushable Apricot
Thank You Miss Sharon Baked Chicken...Cabbage...Dressing  Apple Pie for Dessert
 Apple Inc. May Have Finally Solved a Big iPhone X Production Problem  Motley Fool
Ehh Besides The Actual Emojis  iMessage Idc . Apple Music Can Be Downloaded As A App So I Really Dont Care Now
Brand new on Kickstarter  The Every Day Oracle Deck by Jia Apple
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
The latest The The Nigerian Engine Daily
I had a wheel blow today on the apple trailer. Fortunately it was empty.
New Check out Met Opera on Demand for Apple TV  iPhone featured today on the App Store under New apps we love
Is the apple there because Quinns isnt just allergic to pears but also apples
How One of Apple s Key Privacy Safeguards Falls Short
Like mother like daughter. The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Spiced Cupcake... Apple Pumpkin Muffin...damn these are triggering me to go on a Fall hayride The hominess is realhomie 
Apple Watch
5 privacy and security concerns about Apple s new FaceID facial recognition
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple Watch
Apple juice
Apple be making talking shit emojis while Microsoft lets us draw dicks in 3d. Apple aint shit.
Apple 
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
My Aldi apple juice stolen from my grandmas secret stash 
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Whats better Thinking about making the change to Apple
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Guess who preordered Apple s new iPhone8Plus   amandatoomer and I are so excited techyprobs
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi  3G ATT 9.7in  Black MC773LLA FACTORY RESET for 99.98 with 29d 23h via eBay
Our delicious weekend sweets standarddiner nothingstandard weekendsweets Apple cranberry pecan tart...
7 Features That Finally Make the New Apple Watch Worth It
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple aller vous faire foutre
New Apple iPhone 10 X Edition 256 GB Pre Order
Apple really tryna play me rn with all this glitching on my twitter feed videos  stuff...
New Album Alert Realer Than Most Ent. Presents murphmuzik POSITION OF POWER Now Available On Apple Music  streaming On All Major Sites 
TheoLawsonSR I missed the explanation. Why are all the PAC12 people wearing the green apple pins
I liked a YouTube video
Apple lawsuits against Qualcomm can proceed U.S. judge rules
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 16GB Space Grey Refurbished on 4GEE 5GB 24 Months c...
Daming basher ng Apple .
Pour up me some apple ciroc
Apple TV 4k vs. Apple TV 4thGen Comparison  HD Report
Finally picked up the infamous Apple AirPods Was so tired of not being able to listen to music and charge my phone 
Stupid liar.... apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Finger Cut is ready for Apple TV 4K
Is this new Easily delete large attachments like videos from Message iphone iOS11 apple 
4K  4K HDR already appearing on iTunesMovies ahead of Fridays launch. Possibly best purchase from Apple Ive had in YEARS.
Apple I cant get into the App Store because it was removed from my apple iPad. I need a way to get back in immediately.
Merch this on Apple music
So Apple was first Innovation
Android always beats them to it.. RT verge  5 things Android phones did before Apple s iPhone X 
Mistgun likes Apple . I like Apple . This great no really Perfect
Apple needs to add group FaceTime already
Just another example of ginger hate crimes. Smh
I sometimes get the Watch it again thingy recommending that moonspireNF lipsync. You and your damn pen apple pen echoing in my headargh
Apple picking with my loves 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Display Release on apple CAST
i made pasta salad  apple crumble today so i think its safe to say i am ready for fall
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Today I learned how to can fruits and veggies and made apple and pepper chutney at a black owned garden still ran by all 3 generations
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
apple Apple iphonex iPhone8 80s rich money 1 Retweet for FREE Punch  Pie 
Deal Save 14  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB  1 Year Apple Warranty  Apple C
Maybe for Germany cause we aint got no Apple Pay over here
Apple cinnamon fresh toast for the boy with a side of hopeful doggie. Nice try. food brunch 
Trying out the old Apple Wireless Keyboard on Arch Linux works great from what Ive seen 
I liked a YouTube video
Update You can only move data intraapp so set dropSession.localDragSession.localContext and read value from the Apple Store today.
Apple will prob make more money training their machine to learn facial expressions from their new phone than from selling their new phones
DEAL Save 14  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB  1 Year Apple Warranty  Apple C
RT by T2C tweet2cart RT WebDesignDev102  webdev How to Create an Apple iPad Layout  Tutorial
once i have my credit card paid off im getting myself the series 3 apple watch  the iphone x
RT by T2C tweet2cart RT wpninjahost  RT WebDesignDev102  webdev How to Create an Apple iPad Layout  Tutorial
These apple AirPods are unbelievable  super comfortable great
New Apple iPhone 10 X Edition 256 GB Pre Order
Judging by the number if times Ive done it on accident Apple should advertise their earbuds as machine washable.
Im just going to stream it on my Apple TV
I just backed Nox Archaist  8bit RPG for Apple II Mac and PC on Kickstarter
Apple controls the entire iMessage experience and they couldnt build an interface for this Come on  horrible conversational interface.
You cant be serious dude Kevin had to press a button his team was already going to lose because Josh got that golden apple did u watch Lol
I love Apple Music talaga Hahahaha
Bc yes I can cuddle with my cat but I cant take her out to do stuff like apple picking and going to the fair
Cause its ios VS android N not iPhone X vs note8..If you are in the apple ecosystem...if you are an android user.. youve got great choice..
https blogs.wsj.comcio20170912 applesnewiphonescouldexpandrangeofbusinessuse  Apple looks to impact the business industry directly with the new iPhone 8 8 Plus and X. ISYS1021
The A Chi Apple of my eye  buaxo 
Croissants Rusty Evian Apple Meg random kid names
Hang myself or cut
I just got caught making cheese toast and stealing apple juice at almost 1am
Kinda thinking that was something else Apple just had to play catch up on ..
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
Holy YAS... Just look at all that gooey perfection in AverieCooks Caramel Apple Crumble Foil Packs
lots of apple iphones 6 6s plus 5 5c 4s ipad ipod
They got a whole pregnant emoji and whatnot
To save the ticket to Apple wallet. I dont know how it works. Its a mobile ticket.
apple juice
Crate in Shoreditch the music absolutely does not justify it in the slightest.
this is mainly a joke bc ive never used apple music or spotify but i do genuinely like google play music and find the subscription worth it
Apple s Development Of iPhone Xs Muscular A11 Bionic Processor Was A 3Year Journey
Im so down Ill put up with the itchy throats Ive been craving a caramel apple for days
Enjoy this video of me eating my fave fruit the pine of apple
When Apple Fanboys react to the iPhone X.... 
Apple needs a new design team
Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API
It is rly not worth 10bucks a month. And I just switched Spotify to extreme and Apple is still sadly better
If it has an apple on the back is magical
To MyHusbandBaldEagle in 93 Why do you need a cellphone R U a Dr. Today his cell died. Im panicking hes out of range on way to Apple .
Whats worsehtvan finding a worm in your apple  The Holocaust.
Its awesome just sitting at work with my manager talking about how shitty iPhones are and how apple has everyone under mind control
AppleOrchardPop Are you anything to do with the Apple Orchard club which ran on Sundays in Brighton around 8889
Let me fix that for you 5 things Android phones did before Apple s iPhone X perfected them
No warning at all just gone. Apple can do nothing for me because its vintage. Welp now you know how to pray for me. I need a new one ASA 
Ill bring some Idlewild inspired apple muffins
Apple is slowly screwing thrmselves with their pricing. The fact that theyre trying to upsell you all the time is painfully clear.
What are some must have apps for sales consultants apps sales apple
Apple is crap keep telling you
That said to my knowledge no one outside Apple has seen the iPhone X packaging yet.
How Apple and co became some of Americas largest debt collectors via FT
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
I just downloaded iTunes and made an Apple ID for BTS lol 
Interested in the apple pie one xx idk if id like it But sounds good
Samsung isnt Android. Apple is iPhone.
The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil  Forbes
Someone had to ask where is the iPhone 9 Well where is Windows 9 for that matter Apple iPhone
ad Apple 42mm Smart Watch  Space Grey Aluminum CaseBlack Band 
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Jet Black ATT Smartphone  UNLOCKED win 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus PRODUCTRED  128GB  ATT Smartphone win 
askatp would be great to hear u take up new eff aclu phone suit together with principled Apple stand on browser cookie privacy
Sweet Apple Acres gets infested by a swarm of vampire fruit bats and Dick Grayson might be cousins.
Josh to Andrew Dude you have got to get Apple music Andrew nah man I like youtube
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
Theres no such thing as unforgiven. RECORD OF WRONGS
lots of apple iphones 6 6s plus 5 5c 4s ipad ipod
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing This Girl Kungs  Cookin On 3 Burners APPS Apple
Battery life is a good point  Apple wins in that category now. But youre right. Modern phones are battery drains.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16gb GSM Unlocked MINT all accessories
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16gb GSM Unlocked MINT all accessories
That apple . It makes this cocktail perfectly dressed for a fall dinner party
Should all brands try and be the next Apple or Amazon Hear what brands said during our L360webinar 
Face ID data stays on your device and is never sent to your butt. Apple will not give access to that data to anyone for any price.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac MAXXED OUT Apple 27 iMac RETINA 5k  i7 4.0GHz  32GB  512GB SSD  4GB V
That crown royal green apple is so good
i already said i was buying the iPhone x for hype why you gotta do me like this
Girls MSHSL Apple Valley Girls 1 at St. MichaelAlbertville Girls 2  FINAL
Sell Philiphines Apple iPhone 7 128GB Red visit
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus  Unveiled  Apple
I am sad that the old warm cooky place is gone replaced by apple on university in palo alto but Mrs. Fields is worth 65 million.
Right Like I know we are only 2 of the population but damn show us some love with a damn emoji
Only 1 Apple Store in Tucson really 
Report Red Sox used Fitbit not Apple Watch in signstealing controversy
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Look whos trending on Apple Music LANYPHL thisisLANY 
Is this something apple will fix for free or what can I do
When Samsung releases new phones nobody bats an eye but when Apple does... we get memes news coverage.. etc. yall know who running shit
Skyy blue Apple
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
my friends already on the way yikes i feel bad
UTCoachJones hey KMHSathletics is hiring. Long history of terrible football. Apple now at
Why the advertising industry is upset with Apple right now
greaaaaaat my iPhone is fucking up i gotta turn that shit off  on for apps to work thanks Apple
Goodbye IPhone  Apple
Display Release on apple CAST
whats crazy they coming at apple for the prices like the note 8 isnt 930
Nah if you know anything about electronics you know Android  Apple . Only thing iOS got on them is user friendly
lots of apple iphones 6 6s plus 5 5c 4s ipad ipod
And now we enjoy the fruits of our apple picking labor 
And all the apple fan boys are coming out calling android users broke ass morons. Lol no we just think spending 1000 on a phone is overkill
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Yesterday I went to an apple orchard and some employees were smoking weed behind a barn. What blessed lives they must lead
Save 14  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB  1 Year Apple Warranty  Apple C
What is the saying  Apple s dont fall far from the tree. Of course he is a racist and misogynist. He clearly objectifies women
Die then
Retweet if you ever seen  Solar eclipse The sun The moon The sky The stars A building A sign A apple A Apple company Pineapple apple pen
strolls into alchohol store with a large trench coat and me on Otabeks shoulders yes could I fhave one Apple Juice flavored Vodka
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
They got you messed up
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
bone apple tea bitch
Face ID was Apple s 1st choice for iPhone X not Touch ID
New Apple iPhone 10 X Edition 256 GB Pre Order
Legends Never Die On Apple Music Right Now Go Get That LinkInBio
My Apple adventure ends here ... I would rather use that kind of money for something else.
Top story The Secret Message In The Apple Keynote For Entrepreneurs
Why the advertising industry is upset with Apple right no...
I WANTED TO EAT APPLE BUT THERES NO APPLE AT HOME RN SO HERES DRAPPLE AJDJAJXJAJX
LTE in Apple Watch Series 3 Models Only Works in Country of Purchase
Watching football I just saw an 8 year old with an Apple Watch......why. Why do you have an Apple Watch. Can you even tell time
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
I voted yes but I believe Twitter could yet beat  FB . 140 char Apple Watch Smart home Twitter acquire Control4 Cold happen yet
Living my best life chai latte apple cider donuts and snuggles from my bub.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Secret Apple Watch controls How to use the Digital Crown and side button. Read more
Secret Apple Watch controls How to use the Digital Crown and side button. Read more
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Pressed By Kind Bars Cherry Apple Chia 1.2 Oz 12 Count
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
AustinMuseums What is the name of your app I cant find it in the Apple App Store
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Omg. Apple is getting so stingy
Apple Shares Video Highlighting Apple Music Streaming Over LTE on Apple Watch Series 3
Apple juice for Berkeley and wine for mommy obvs.
Somewhere on the west side of Apple Valley Admiral Lugubrious is doing a knee drop
I got Apple w student discount lmao otherwise I wouldnt cause the design is shit garbage
Display Release on apple CAST
This feels broken. Apple iOS11 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
Apple Crown Royal taste nasty asf. Flashback
lots of apple iphones 6 6s plus 5 5c 4s ipad ipod
Ever since the announcement of the new iPhones my iPhone has had NO type of act right smh Im so over it. I hate Apple
Chelsea Clinton you are just as ugly as your mom and the apple does not fall far from the tree.
The Apple Watch Series 3 Gets Great Reviews And Sells Out.
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
CERN is a fake. Apple is The shit
SwiftFirebase DataBaseFramework
things i love apple chips abba
The Fall beers are on Tap... Victory Festbier Oktoberfest Lager Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Sam Adams Oktoberfest...
why does apple music even put up clean versions of eminem albums
I didnt eat apple all day and its my fave fruit so heres my drapple icon
LOOK AT THE PLAYLIST I MADE ON APPLE MUSIC ITS NOT MUCH BUT IM ADDING MORE AND IVE BEEN STREAMING IT 
NowPlaying Apple Girl Apple Boy ft Foxina Belluci  Victa Von Duche Radio Version  Madman the Greatest
Apple ai
New Apple iPhone 10 X Edition 256 GB Pre Order
. apple needs to explain why the iPhone 8 and the X dont have USBC ports over lightning. I thought this was the future
Id either have to get a dozen flight tix from Germany a hotel or a housean apartment. on the other hand i dislike apple phones.
FEMALE CELEBRITIES JOURNALISTS ALL OF A SUDDEN HAVE LONG NECKS  ADAMS APPLE
I cant imagine it tastes all that different from the apple cinnamon variety.
Anyone remember the old I Am Rich app A thousand bucks for the sake of displaying the logo. Mostly bought by Apple employees one guesses
I kinda wanna get apple bc they have some certain artists i wish were on Spotify but Spotify is so much cheaper
Youre in worse shape than the national debt is in Not a fan of Hamilton Welcome TimeFcrTea  I hope your bite or the apple was sweet. 
Why Apple May Need To Chip In On Future Free iPhone Deals
Apple Pie Oreos are awesome
The Secret Message In The Apple Keynote For Entrepreneurs
Handson with Apple s iPhone 8 dock and new gold color choice
i want the new apple watch
same Apple
Apple TV 4K vs Google Chromecast Ultra vs Amazon Fire TV vs ...  NDTV
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Apple IPad Mini 4 7.9 Retina Display 128GB GoldSilver WiFi Brand NEW Sealed Price 347.98 ...
This bts delay got me fucked up but at less Apple Music the plug BTSHer
Apple and the Illuminati 
Inviting Apple Bomb Into A Ssbbw Threesome
No not quite... I think people are sceptical because Apple s made privacy a main selling point which I think is great.
I dont understand how one persons actions are taken as a whole group. If you have a bad apple throw it out not the whole batch. evolve
New Apple Watch announced with LTE
Apple how is iPhone X going to deal with this
Apple is no better sadly 
Apple Cider Vinegar helps with mine.
Caradelevingne KarlLagerfeld When a penguin has found its mate they stay together 4 life Dont you dare fake it
Blueberry Apple cider slushies from uncle johns are to die for
Apple didnt fall far from the tree. Lets put him in the same cell as his father. sexualabuse childabuse childmolester
apple mano
Some of the fall festival Apple Jubilee Waverly Missouri
What do you kno about that Green Apple Ciroc Shell on 3rd 3rd Ave
Had this stuff for years
tech technology mobilegeb Full recap of the Apple iPhone event
Appears your another dumb ass who has no understanding of the meaning of the word bigot or of actual history.
7 Apple AirPort Extreme Base Station ME918LLA
Apple Cider vinegar soak 
Swifties.....spotify goole play amazon apple app  reputation  paul 
Found me some apple trees in the middle of no where of my journey. 
Apple  you wankers
Siri doesnt get me Apple 
I just checked in at Apple Store with CricketRewards Download today
Apple Releasing MacOS High Sierra on September 25. Read more
Apple Releasing MacOS High Sierra on September 25. Read more
might aswell grow the pizza on an apple tree
What about Apple Music  Does that count
Apple Pay
Me realizing I went to Cramptonsmarket on a rainy Saturday and forgot Apple Cider. 
HeartEyes4Brady Apple rolling out a new OS on Tuesday. Were doomed. I just figured out 10
Im a big genealogy buff recently discovered Schuette is my 3rd cousin. This apple fell a LONG way from that tree...
Apple can literally do no wrong lol ...Im goin back to Android and getting the Pixel 2
Apple watch Series 2 42MM Case  Monoy 2Pack ClearGrey New Design Slim Clear 2nd PC Hard Screen..
Apple and Google have massive cash piles. They could get in on this. Google could stream on Youtube.
Apple crisp is ready.... Ill be up til idk when..... Zach is going beddy bye now....
RT VShowrooms  Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Guys I feel like Im disowning all Apple products. Last week I get the note8. few days ago get rid of my iWatch. Tonight I buy an HP laptop
iphoneSuperSale New Apple iPhone 6S Plus 64GB Space Gray Factory Unlocked 5.5 World Wide GSM
iphoneSuperSale APPLE IPHONE 6S 16GB 64GB 128GB ATT SMARTPHONE GRAY SILVER GOLD ROSE USED
Yall out here spending 1k on a phone with features that other non apple phones have In this economyum
Apple users are truly the most annoying people in the world. I had an iPhone for six months and it was the worst time of my life.
Apple maps says Lancaster wrong
Lol and did they reply
Apple cider and smores with my loves  watching Baywatch Movie
apple out here finessing the world
Those are gooooood All of their flavors and nutrient combinations. Im enjoying Sparkling Ice apple and cherry limeades with 0 sugar.
True so true
Apple Aye bitch. Just cause the 8 coming out or whatever dont mean slow down this 7 I got. Yall got me fucked up.
Apple built Iphone X with face detection... Yawa don gas for these slay Queens Boss chicks PepperGang n the...
Green apple  orange and grape ...
On the near future would be my new iPhone X Apple AppleNews
ELEOPTIONTM LV Grid PU Leather Wallet Type Magnet Design Flip Case for Apple iPhone 6 Plus ..
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
So broke Ive resorted to trying to win probably scammed money on apple apps help
Why the iPhoneX might be a mistake for Apple 
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  tradingnews
Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  tradingnews
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  tradingnews
BIRTHING YOUR BOOK by markdavidgerson New Apple WritingPublishing Medalist Winner
Thank you lol
My night vibes playlist on Apple Music is pure .
A supporter shopped Apple online  Goodshop donated a  to Friends of the Wild Whoopers.
iPhone X Is A JOKE Episode 24 CRAZY Apple rant revealing TRUTH
The last one before I switch to apple . Which I may do tomorrow. Hope youre all enjoying the weekend . Peach and
The last one before I switch to apple . Which I may do tomorrow. Hope youre all enjoying the weekend . Peach and Blueberry Crumble. Glute 
The last one before I switch to apple . Which I may do tomorrow. Hope youre all enjoying the weekend . Peach and
She asked jokingly what his name was but my dumbass literally said his name. I go  his name is Apple . I said his real name
Today was the annual  apple ride. Water bottles served well to knock down the higherups. Good
Oooh looks good streusel apple pie
The last one before I switch to apple . Which I may do tomorrow. Hope youre all enjoying the
Apple Debuts the Series 3 Apple Watch Now With Cellular
All I can think about is venti Carmel apple spices
Boned apple tight
Apple s facial recognition Well it is more secure for the er sleeping user
... to Apple s stillindevelopment cloud service mobileMe. Secrecy demands that every software component has a code name.
INIT u could be sponsored by apple  but this is a risk im willing to take
Still the apple parents one
Apple Is Turning Its Stores Into Town Squares. Is This The Future Of Shopping
I am in heaven right now If youre a college football fan go buy an Apple TV right now This app is awesome GoDawgs 
be the apple to my fork
RAM Hard drive size Chip
Apple iPad 9.7 Giveaway
New on Ebay Ipad Air Apple iPad Air 2 16GB WiFi  Cellular White Front  Gold Back A1567 MH2W2LLA
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Wireless charging fast charging super HD screen HDR 12MP camera Samsung payworks everywhere VR NFC 4GB RAM 360 photos face recog
I got Apple Music yesterday and i hate it already
They need to use apple watch
An apple a day keeps the doctor away but if doctor is cute forget the fruit.
I Found A Carmel Reeses Apple Tree I Picked So Many Apples  Ep 10
Just added screen recording voice memos notes Apple TV remote  low power mode to Control Center iphone iOS11 apple 
Depends on the brand. Apple and Samsung are pretty close in price depending on the model.
DATS MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE RIGHT THERE
Apple really starting to piss me the fuck off
APPLE NEEDS BLOWBACK ON THIS How One of Apple s Key Privacy Safeguards Falls Short
Apple iPhone 6  6s cover price 100 LE call
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
2 more sleeps till iOS 11 gets released to the public. 5 more sleeps till AW3 iPhone 8 plus and ATV4K apple whose excited
Whats new from Apple
Home made Apple pie
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple of discord...
I want to go apple picking
The four waves of augmented reality that Apple owns
I want apple pie
Pizza y apple juice
god bless the man from the apple store he truly saved me
Fruity . . . . Blackberries Blackberry apple Crumble fruit from mygarden harvest 
First trash move ever done was eve eating the apple plz
The new Apple X is basically a Samsung phone
Win the up and coming new iPhone from Apple PLUS other top Smartphones 
Hahaha
TMobile backs down on cap for Apple Watch 3 data speed  CNET
2 MORE SPOILERS Him God Mother earth The man and woman in the begining Adam  eve Their sons Cain and Abel Diamond  the Apple
Nah I havent. Its on Apple Music
My wife  I just left a bottle of Ontario Cyzer mead made with apple cider with your salesperson for you and Lewis to enjoy on the bus 
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Gold ATT Smartphone
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Gnocchi making feorlen s apple potato flavor in progress. foodie 
Yes. I was surprised when they told me the price because I always heard Android was cheaper than Apple .
AppleWatch iPhone 8 shipping slips to 12 weeks Apple Watch Series 3 to 23 weeks U  9to5Mac
THEY REALLY SAVING AN APPLE FOR EVIDENCE
How much longer do we have to play along You can see his Adams apple .
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Wish I had a Apple TV
Apple Watch wallpaper Orange pattern
Happy Fall Yall I pinned it and I did it Fall Apple Cider Sangria fall autumn 
Pink Lady Apple Kombucha on tap  your choice of coldpressed juice  yum. pressedforjuice 
Trying to get Dodge Em on iOS is just reinforcing by hatred of everything Apple . For now check it out in Google Play
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Apple tree...
Apple Started Developing A11 Bionic Chip When A8 Chip Was Released Three Years Ago
Apple iPad Air 2 16GB WiFi  Cellular White Front  Gold Back A1567 MH2W2LLA
Im assuming an apple store I dont own a shitty iphone. 
Cutest apple in the orchard rodaleorganicfarm rodaleinstitute rodaleapplefestival camiroseh
Screw My iPhone I Just Want The New Apple Watch
Drinking a Jack Apple by JackDanielsUS Waterdown Ontario 
Coloring Shopkins Strawberry Kiss Lippy Lips Apple Blossom Colored Pencil  KiMMi THE CLOWN
APPLE New FaceID Could Be Powerful Mass Spying Tool...
Apple Cider help
 Apple MFi Certified  Yellowknife 2 Pack 3.3ft1m Flat Noodle Lightning to USB Cable Sync Charging..
Need some double apple
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
20170917.09 Apple iOS11 update may create a nonfunctional mark 3 TR580 tricorder 
Apple back to school Tic Tac Toe
I liked a YouTube video
We tryna make it to the apple orchard before 8.... its steeeeeppppp.
its probably gonna be lame idk why im doing the most
I hate Twizzlers but the caramel apple ones that come out every Halloween are to die for. So good
Heres some PromoCodes for TV Tune Up  Apple TV 4K update is in the works.
. GeneSimmons nails why Apple will likely remain a juggernaut company  investment for some time
Please RT iphone ipad mac Father of the iPod Tony Fadell Dishes Details on Early Apple Projects
tech technology mobilegeb Apple iPhone X
TMobile Backpedals On Apple Watch Series 3 Throttling Will Offer Full LTE Speeds Hot Hardware.. ÎÄ
Apple Blooms special talent is SnapChat
iPhone 8 Secrets LEAKED by Disgruntled Apple Employee
If Apple announces 2 phones at once isnt it because they dont have confidence in them Playing safe. Heading toward downfall.
Im at Apple Union Square in San Francisco CA
Does Apple s facial recognition technology compromise security for convenience
Click here to buy
New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
If Only This Veggie Was An Apple Then I Would Eat My Apple Veggies
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
The pros and cons for todays App Store developer  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast Ep. 92  CNET
5 Apple Products That Didnt Live Up to Their Hype
Nabsiga Sido  Single by Farhiya Fiska on Apple Music
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
Mystery Romance Novel Loves Child Wins New Apple EBook Award for Excellence in Independent Publishing 
Apple iPhone 6 Space Grey 32GB Price27999.00
Im in an apple store rn and Im honestly scared to have my galaxy out.
Now Playing Louis Armstrong  In The Shade Of The Old Apple Tree louisarmstrong
Iphone Charger Anker 6Ft Nylon Braided Usb Cable Lightning Connecto Apple 
it only takes one bad apple . Or in other words it only takes one skunky beer.
Cuz everything breaks Apple Williamsburg in Brooklyn NY
So Apple Is Making The iPhone 8 And the iPhone X. Was Apple Taught Math By Valve
Agreed. I wonder why the Senator hasnt pursued Samsung in the way he has pursued Apple for answers to his questions.
webdev How to Create an Apple iPad Layout  Tutorial
Apple banning fake virus scanning apps on iOS App Store
Why is there a bar inside this nordstrom and why are people taking pics in front of the apple store
Apple Campus 2
TMobile confirms the new Apple Watch will get LTE speeds
Do I put myself in debt and buy the new Apple Watch or nah...
iPhone X 5 best and worst features of Apple s new smartphone according to The Verge
Counting the Cost  Apple s iPhone economy
Bruh I have emailed them about it before
Good luck with that... iPhone heaven President Trump is our best bet and he Really Loves America and American people. No other choice
The new Apple Watch Series 3 goes on presale today
Yup Apple Tree .. I made a verb based on your behavior. Yup I still think about you sometimes. Yup youre fucking hot.
Our lab and our fearless leader are Apple oriented. I suspect that for local compat reasons you should go with the iPad.
the jonas brothers albums are FINALLY available on apple music for streaming im a happy girl
My phone dropped from 100 to 60 in thirty mins and has been on 4 for the past hour. I just dont know what Apple is playing these days.
This Weekends SmokeSumSaturday is Guava Apple Pie  and the infamous Sour D . These flavors are some of my bestfavorite to date 
Orange or apple juice  apple
Caradelevingne KarlLagerfeld If I call her lively then youll know its me Yes ask her if she knows me then Ill take out Heidi 4 u
Apple my home button doesnt work help me
USA Forbes Headlines NEWS broadcast by  New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or ...
Beautiful day for some apple picking fun
iPhone 4 Apocalypse TuffGrip case cover for Apple iPhone 4G  4  Black  Sacred Seal
HunterWhiteMB Ignorant lol 
 for long. Altair had just stopped recently from taking control of the apple and corrupting the minds of his fellow brothers. But 
Bone apple yeet
Why hasnt Apple made a line of phone cases called Carmel or Candy 
buy death of a bachelor on itunes  If only i had an apple productaccount or money 
Apple s 2017 iPhone8 event live blog via Computerworld
I hate apple scented anything I only like pumpkin scented stuff
Adobe updates Lightroom for iOS with Apple Pencil and 3D Touch support
MarzBarGaming I have never used Apple products. Never. Be the guy who puts me into the Apple world and gives me that new rose gold iphone.
Secret Apple Watch controls How to use the Digital Crown and side button
Earn real rewards for trying new apps. Download apps for points  swap points for awesome prizes
Click here to buy
Does Apple s Face ID compromise security for convenience
Does Apple s Face ID compromise security for convenience
sza so if we cant have Z on apple music can we at least get it on soundcloud im dying here
360WiseNews  New iPhone Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Sandberg Headset converter  Apple  to PC
This stuff keeps your pets from licking off softpaws  Grannicks Bitter Apple Spray
Compare face ID Apple s uses 3D scanning including infrared. Samsungs can literally be fooled with a photo AndroidFail
Apple s facescanning technology is great unless you have an evil twin
. Apple s use of face recognition in the new iPhone Implications.
Interview Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  tradingnews
How Apple and co became some of Americas largest debt collectors
This list of everything u can buy for the price of the new Apple IPhone might just change your mind on an upgrade
Apple 100cm 30 Pin Dock Connector USB Charger Cable for iPhoneiPod
Everyone knows me as a huge Apple fan. However iPhone battery life gets worse each version. This iPhone6s is still a big batteryhog .
New podcast up We discuss the future for Cisco Waymo new Apple products and the furor around Bodega
AndroidDev Android will always take an L to AppleSupport Apple Im switching to an iPhone
As someone who buys only Apple products why do I need to defend myself constantly Isnt that weird to anyone else 
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
Recipe Skillet Apple Crisp  Easy Dessert Recipes recipe skillet apple
This is probably the first time Ive experienced the slow down on my iPhone immediately after Apple announce a new phone lol.
Apple iPhone 8 64GB gold 3350 
Which do you prefer
Secret Apple Watch controls How to use the Digital Crown and side button 
They had computers in Eden. Eve had a Apple and Adam had a Wang. Entrepreneur  
TMobile confirms the new Apple Watch will get LTE speeds
I just lost and found my apple7 at apple store in whiteplains i guess nobody didnt want to steal a 7 iphone8 it is
You could be going back to school with free headphones thanks to Apple  CNET
timcook Do you want a second HDMI input on the Apple TV for switching between streaming content and local network channels TV tuner
Whats Wrong with Apple s New Headquarters  Feature News
Jesus. You might as well go apple picking too.
Journey studio brings a dreamy fantasy game to iOS and Apple TV
How to get VIP Apple ID for download paid apps games free on iPhone
Brought my 3yo a shiny pretty apple from a local apple fest. She glared at me and said she didnt want it. attitude ungratefulkid 
. Apple my iPhone 6 plus touch screen keeps freezing and a lot of my friends and familys iPhones are freezing as well. Whats goin on
Im lowkey about to cancel Spotify for Apple Music...I miss those playlists based on your library.
Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API
I think the flavor and scent is spiced apple  but the visual is pumpkins. IE drinking apple cider at a pumpkin patch
Show us your apple style BethabaraParkAppleFest Historic Bethabara Park
Im guessing the Apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Kind of like mom taking sniper fire upon getting off a plane
Holy cow this is HUGE Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API
APPLE BARREL PLANTER WAGON
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Ive backed the Kickstarter for Nox Archaist a new 8bit tilebased RPG for the Apple II
Come to the Apple fest
Me when I fall asleep with Apple headphones in
TheNextWeb Apple now lets you customize moving emoji with Animoji
Heres how Apple s new Files app works with Box in iOS 11
New IPHONE Technology Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Yes. Best Apple device in years.
What an amazing first day of Apple Splash festival here in Somerset Wi. Such a great group of artists  we finis
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
RENE QUILES CHANTE MELANCOLIE DISPO SUR APPLE ITUNESAMAZONDEEZER SPOTIFY.
Its kiwi Apple i think
What an amazing first day of Apple Splash festival here in Somerset Wi. Such a great group of
Display Release on apple CAST
Say what you will about Apple  but dammit all this is a fucking great Genius Playlist 
The apple doesnt fall too far ...
Dear Apple and Apple customers what the fuck
Tell them how you really feel
yea i know thats why i bought them the day they launched  shouldnt Apple know this 
Recommended read on Medium   Apple Has Lost Its Charm
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Im flossing my toes and she move her Apple head phones in between her toes
Photos What it was like to attend Apple s iPhone X event  its first at the Steve Jobs Theater
Apple s Face ID security questioned by the US Senate  Engadget Today
Its time for ALL THINGS FALL Warm Apple Crisp Cookies
Anyone I know looking to get a Series 0 Apple Watch 42mm Space Black stainless. Flawless in condition. Let me know.
Tonights Dinner Grilled Chicken Breast Raw Broccoli and Apple Sauce.
22 And I said FLAGSHIPS if you compare TOP TIER PCs theyre virtually no difference in performance... Except in benchmarksgame FPSs.
Usually work but this weekend i went to an apple orchard with the family and also target shooting with my mom
cough SE cough samsung is selling around 80m phones a year with 60m s7 models sold in a year.. vs 40m of apple .. 22 share vs 11 of
mogomoney Any plans to add Apple Pay support to the Visa card
Im still saving up for the 7
Dad worked all day and still went to the apple orchard and got a pie RealMVP
Apple pie vs. Android pie 
who makes Apple s emojis I need to write a letteremail about how they need redhead emojis.
Get ready for Apple Season with 50 Amazing Apple Recipes from scones to cocktails. See them all at
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks  BGR
I went Honeycrisp apple picking for the first time ever today and had sooo much fun All
Fall doesnt taste like pumpkin spice to me...cherry apple cider courtesy of mywhitefarmhouse.
One cord for everything CordsofSteel works for Apple and Android and comes in a ton of color options
en Apple Bs.As
Theres a taste of socialism for you America. Youre hard earned tax dollars go towards something you cant even stream on Apple TV smh
Had so much fun apple picking with the kids  husband today.
Charming country hook. Rooster Apple . Use it anywhere
With FaceID Apple s thousanddollar iPhoneX wades into Fifth Amendment gray area NewsHour
okay they got me Im sippin on pumpkin spiced apple cider n its delicious
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing The Sound The 1975 APPS Apple
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks  BGR
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple 2013 21.5 iMac 2.7GHz Core i5 1TB 8GB ME086LLA GOOD
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1418 21.5 Core i5 2.9 GHZ Intel 1TB  Used No scratches w Box
HOW YA BEEN AND APPLE OR ORANGE JUICE ASKISSATWAIMZ
I cant wait to get my hands on this Im a loyal apple fan.
Dear Apple iPhoneX buyers sometimes the grass isnt greener wake up. We  SamsungMobile  will accept you with open arms Sleep Well 
I actually screamed when I saw that Russell Stover has the caramel apple candies out
For some reason all my Iphone pics from 2007 to 2011 stocked on my old mac are corrupted. Its a violent 4 years memory loss apple
I work with the WA apple industry and even I have to give you a big thumbs down on this idea...
Finance sites erroneously show Amazon Apple  other stocks crashing Hacker News lab test ... 
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad Yoni HeislerBoy Genius Report
caios top 5 artists this week Madonna 60 Jane Birkin 31 Fiona Apple 28 Emilie Autumn 25 Kate Bush 25 jotafm
So it looks like Abe isnt sticking around long enough to see the new Apple Store open.
Apple Pay you utter muppets. Get.it.done
i still got da 6 apple updates bouta start fuckin my shit up
No its not. Watch speed tests between flagships. Theyre close and theyre EXTREME exaggerations cause they open like 1000 apps. 12
I dont know if I have had their apple fritters. Will have to get them next time I am there.
The song is great too but that skating Gorgeously captured.
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Dont apologize it was great  you guys were fun Pats mom too And the apple shooting was cool Ill watch tomorrow for sure. What time
Australian PostPaid Plans For iPhone 8 From 69month
New ipad Apple Watch IPhone 8 plus preordered ... I think Im done with technology for a while
Perpetual Peace  Immanuel Kant Book Slovakia Apple
i wanna be surprised. i want some apple cider because im not old enough for champagne
Apple
Apple Music lyrics be lying
Green apple
 Uhh she doesnt want a car off of either of my Multibillionaire technically stepdads car lots to the point she seems insulted by
What is this wizardry Sorry Apple facial recognition
When I want to see my world Mr.Honey smile I fry him apple pie smile is precious always a well thank you
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks  BGR
Apple is crazy if they think i will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
What better way to get face scans of many Americans Apple facialrecognition camsgps  gotcha
Crist no is it
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks  BGR
Apple should make a longer version of their charger cord. Such a small change is going to make people very happy
China le hace frente a Apple
Ill bring dessert Apple pie
would you rather have free apple products forever or have free wifi wherever you go  ASKISSATWAIMZ
 apple pie disney land inspirational quotes by Mike Stud
my first project going on Apple Music and Livemixtapes its a must
Ok if you have Apple TV 3rd generation 2013 reply to this I need to test something
Actually think we cooked every single meal at home this weekend The effort was worth it and the homemade apple cake was off the hook
I know considering Apple literally tried to teach everyone for years OS X is OS TEN and failed miserably
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks  BGR
Apple Music Converter v1.3.8 macOSTNT
I like their playlists the Siri integration AppleTV app Apple Watch integration etc
Im using this thing called HuLu its like TV but on my big Apple Phone iPAD
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black via eBay
I need a red sticker to turn my Apple Watch 2 into a 3 BallinOnABudget 
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Black via eBay
Waste of money
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Distruption is for SMEs too. Apple Inc. was a small business when it started to distrupt in waves and tidal wives...
HUG A TALK RADIO HOST  Get the Apple or Android APP
DAZNCA your app hasnt worked on Apple TV for the 4 oclock games. NFLCanada how long can u let this go on 
my mom makes the best apple pie hands down
Apple iPhone 8 event What to expect
Its beyond ridiculous that I have to connect my Apple TV just so I can watch SNF ATT DIRECTV nbc can we PLEASE get this fixed
Our afternoon guy Dave Wheeler loves his want to join the club Enter to win a Apple Watch
The sparkling cyser was really simple. Ended up just using roadside apple cider and honey along with cinnamon and vanilla extract.
I really want 2 Apple Pies  ice cream from McDonalds
You could ILLEGALLY but probably wouldnt taste as good. Chances are every apple sold came from a graft of the same mother tree.
Hmmm it wont save your ass from prison but at least you get to have apple pie on your 652nd day in incarceration.
Fair enough. But then Apple now goes 4 years with essentially the same form factor. Very risky.
Apple pie and ice cream is a classic.
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Annnnd I gotta wait til Sunday to get it fixed bc its the only day I can go to the Apple Store that they have available appointments
Im pretty sure Cam enjoyed the Apple orchard today
I liked a YouTube video
Our Apple Watches are back ordered to October lmao. This must be a sick joke.
their apple fritters in particular are legendary.
Apple is making a new phone with face ID ladies all you gotta do to get in ur bfs phone is wait til hes asleep and hold it up to his face
Cooper Grabster Protective Rugged Kids Case for Apple iPad 234 in Pink Cooper CasesTM Grabster Rugged Tough
I find it odd that after apple announces new phone my battery life drops dramatically
I wanna go to apple hill.
Right. Sorry Twitter Fuck YOU Apple
Made of Steel  Single by Socrates Segundo on Apple Music ...
Off whitr at 32 k plays so had to put it on ever music platform and will be on spotifyitunes and apple music in the next week and alot mo
honest opinion iphone x is the ugliest product Apple has come out with
the fam finished my bottle of apple soda im moving out
Z60 apple smart metal watch Price 750 JO
Ahh...I dont think thats gonna help...like...at all. Ends up poking at his Adams apple a bit Nope that frog is too deep for kisses to
Bragg  Organic Apple Cider Vinegar with Mother 16 Oz 2 BTLS
Apple VZWSupport why cant u order the Ceramic Edition on VZW store Space grey is also 45wks lead time on Apple store.
PEPPER CARROT APPLE FUDGE SHAKE DONUT BLUEBERRY HAM SWISS CHEESE WATERMELON
YouTube now has a dark mode It looks gorgeous actually. Apple check it out 
Apple laptop battery replacement. One of the last notglued models. 
I have a penI have a apple ohapplepen
iPhone 6S Case Trianium Clear Cushion Premium Clear Hard Back Panel  TPU Bumper for Apple ..
Thats ignorant to think that way. Thats like saying all PCs are the same in speed. You need speed for the coming future.
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Its Apple s fault coon
Wall Street Speculation Shows Apple Could Potentially Buy Disney
I have a duplicate phone in my shopping bag. How do I get it out
Im a huge Apple fan but I had less freezing issues on the iOS11 beta than the public release....
Their apple fritters are awesome. Place always feels like it could use a wash though
Well well well the ugly apple doesnt fall too far from the tree.
aamfz intnshhr hzqhazhari am an earth apple gais.ahhahaha
I have my 7 plus and happy with it no major changes have been made i wont get it...
Check out Adult Swim on Apple Music Link in bio  below new music this
If youre gonna make these at some point substitute apple cider vinegar for the fish sauce. Thats what I did tonight.
tech technology mobilegeb Analyst says Apple revenue will suffer in fiscal Q4 and rebound th
I liked a YouTube video
I wish most of yall went hard for local small businesses the same way you go hard for Apple and Samsung. FoodForThought
can u transfer ur songs from apple music to spotify i wanna switch over but i dont wanna redownload all that
This is what a dysfunctional family looks like
Can someone bring me an apple dumpling.... Honestly I would even settle for a McDonalds apple pie right now....
I cant speak to Apple  but given how easy itd be for netflix to fix this problem that theyre not doing it is shamelessly insidious IMO
Beautiful day for Apple picking with my honey. 
Are you saying no one votes dem in mississippi
Apple thinks theyre slick
Apple is my leash lah
Had a great time apple picking for Amandas birthday love marriage family Godisgreat 
So Apple decided to add QR Code scanning builtin to the native camera on the next software release. No app...
ESPNs Apple TV app supports PIP
Someone stuck a caramel apple sucker in my purse last night not mad...
Ive been a hardcore Apple girl since the days of the Apple IIc and Apple IIe. They are now in danger of losing me forever. AppleSupport
Sure future tech biometric that prob replaces ssn for my fam let apple own that data  pay mint for product that shatters BOTH sides smh.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
unplugged everything from the secondary mixer when the main system is totally disconnected not just ground lifted the apple tv hums
healthy homemade apple pie granola is a must have for fall
just put the bananas next to an apple for them to ripen faster.
Thats just superb hack screen iphone iphoneonly apple ios phone smartphone mobile 
 had agreed that theres no way she could be my birth parent Idk. Shrug
EveryFallIHaveTo express my disdain for apple picking as a Sunday activity when there is football on.
You say overpriced I say beautiful I love my apple imac ... beauty newfamilymember 
SERENA17 Electric Dreams TV Series Start Apple Dumpling Day Oz Citizenship Day Wife Appreciation Day 
Im sorry. I honesty dont even ask anymore. I assume its Apple TV or Roku. Or XB or PS4
who knows. Maybe apple told them to go fuck themselves. Anyways very good reason for me at least to switch.
yall see this THIS IS MY MF BABY RIGHT HERE MY MF CINNAMON APPLE BITCH
That feeling you get while you stand in line at the grocery store ebt card in use in front of you the expensive steaks  lobster.
An apple a day makes my best friend stay 
Sony PlayStation NintendoAmerica Now we can get a Apple Watch Phone but we still cant get a handheld with Phone features catch up.
I spent 5 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
timcook what do you want me to do for an iPhone X AirPods Watch Series 3 iMac 5k MacBook Pro 15 Apple TV and iPad Pro
Officially convinced that Apple is tryna force me to upgrade.. swear my shit been fucking up for no reason .
The Best of X Clan feat. Brother J by XClan on Apple Music ...
and my laptop both gonna play from spotify and apple music
I liked a YouTube video
10 yeas On ... Apple Samsung  Blackberry  They say Rest is History. 
 Apple strips the App Store from iTunes 12.7
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Rose Gold Sprint Smartphone win 
 Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store  Mac Rumors
Apple iPhone X 5 technologies set for mass adoption now  Financial Express
the only reason those interfaces went into anything is because apple needed them anyway.
The only thing missing is apple pie God Bless America
 Apple releases iTunes 12.7 to the public with iOS 11 support simplified content types more  9to5Mac
24 Karat Gold Plated 42MM Apple Watch Series 2 Stainless Steel Custom Body Only
Could one design a high resolution Trump facial emoji and animate it with the iPhone X  aka have Trump appear to say anything  Apple
my neck crick is apple 
Taxing the webs giants i.e. Apple  Facebook Google France moves forward
Apple Vs Samsung  Battle Of Flagship Smartphones Of 2017
Except that the X outperforms any phone so far.. and so did the 7
Aetna reportedly taps Walmart executive to head venture with Apple
Apple  Peanut Butter
thats nice Ive just had some store bought apple pie
The only real complaint I have with apple is their sealed devices dont allow for much customization or easy repair..
Bruh they just added tajin to my Apple
Touch screens were also around long before Apple showed up.
Apple  Its Good If You Like CRAP
Apple Releases iTunes 12.7 With Major Changes Including No BuiltIn App Store
I really wonder what Apple could have been if they stuck along with that idea. Variety of manufacturers and freedom of hardware choices
I got yelled at one the phone today cause someone called apple with no battery hoping to have a long problem solved quickly
I live for these apple picking puns
I wanna go apple  pumpkin picking
I sincerely doubt that sir. Fb and twitter are apple sponsers you do know that right
How to Get Started Using Apple s ARKit Augmented Reality Platform
VeggieGrill went with my wife Justkristenm to your UVillage location today. OMG Add the apple sage sausage trust me. RusticFarmBowl 
When searching selena on Apple Music n selena Gomez comes up before selena quintanilla 
technically stepdad owns in the area wa washing clothes at the laundry mat coverexcuse during the blackout  reminded me that we
i want to go on a pumpkin patch apple cider date
I hate apple
Apple  Not Google Or Facebook Will Define The Future Of Augmented Reality
The new Apple AAPL Watch 3 and iPhone X interfaces are ...  Quartz  Quartz
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get TalkU at
http newswallet.co VIDEO Firstinline for Apple iPhone 8 this man camped 2 days outside store...
Guys I have left Apple  Finally ditched TMobile. Samsung galaxy note 8
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I liked a YouTube video
An apple a day will keep the doctors away
Apple to launch iPhone 8 8 Plus in India at 6 pm on September 29  Economic
Smith3Jared SmileyYYC PapiElGuapo MrMattBeltran GomezInEsco I made the call I didnt have any Crown Apple in the system SmhThoseBoys
smh cant take you to the apple store cus you dont know how to act
I liked a YouTube video
Super tired from todays adventure apple picking and lack of sleep before hand. Gonna pass out wake up at stupid oclock then scan things
Cinnamon Apple Syrup 
WE WENT APPLE PICKING YEAAAAH applepicking fall2017 weresopretty Mountain Orchards
The Most Important Thing Apple Just Announced Was this Poorly Implemented Feature
Shout out to Lya thats my baby my fuckin cinnamon apple
i want to go apple picking
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Just quoting some Apple reporters in a totally serious and non joking way
ASKISSATWAIMZ do you like apple juice
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
How to Get Started Using Apple s ARKit Augmented Reality Platform
How do i get melon I cant change my locatiok bc i have apple music send help
Mix of apple  hickory
Debating whether or not its worth it to get this Apple Pencil for my iPad. Ive been wanting it since I got my iPad last Christmas.
who tryna take me apple picking
Apple paid Nokia 2 billion as part of a patent lawsuit settlement After a quick fight Apple and No
OSX runs on my Macintosh Computers The things Apple made before iPhones
All I had today is an apple . Im starving
Charming red apple business card holder. Vintage. Great for teachers farms Snow White...
Promoted by Twitter. Still old tech
Successful From the homeless shelter whining about ppl not hiring him cause capitalism touched him wrongly
Ugh Why doesnt kroger sell WhiteHouse apple sauce thats all theyre missing out on.
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
No it wasnt. They removed it on the S6 then brought it back on the S7.
I dont know whether to get the X or the 8.
Why the Apple AirPods May Not Be for You
When everything connected to the damn thing is Apple and you get the message This device may not be supported. Fuck off.
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Whats different from the 7. They all look the same
 My maternal parent or we took one of her breaks to most likely whisk away to one of those many houses my multibillionaire
I pay 4.99 to be an Apple Music member boo
riyaxo13 mini apple is
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Up to all hours processing harvest Apple and Blackberry Jelly to the front and ketchup at the back gyo giy homemade organic 
Fuck APPLE  we had the Jay Miner the father of the Commodore AMIGA It fucking RULED and was way ahead of the competition in its day.
Capital Region Apple and Wine Festival held at Altamont Fairgrounds  NEWS10 ABC
Fake army l.. unlike you Ill be streaming on Apple Music
Thats sad. Is someone from Apple working at Twitter on the side...
Ontario apple growers could face lower yields due to last years drought  Kingston via rontario
AJEnglish How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Digitalclik.it  Didi adds Apple Pay support across core mobility services
Unlocking your phone with your face or fingertip Cool But where is this data being stored Guaranteed Apple and Google are collecting this
im actually drinking apple vodka on the rocks 
Apple iPhone 8 and the truth behind their prices
AppleWatch New Apple Watch available in ceramic gray orders begin ...  TechCrunch
Wow...The apple doesnt fall far from the rotten tree....
Its fall everything from now till December will say add apple  or pumpkin staring 121 it will say add pepermint basic
apple Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray GSM Unlocked Smartphone
When you choke on the juice of an apple thats a good ass apple or you suck at eating apples
Five Privacy and Security Concerns About Apple s New FaceID Facial Recognition
We wanted as many people to love games. So lets put it only on Apple devices leaving out Android PC and console players. thatskygame
Advertising Groups are blasting Apple for blocking cookies in Safari. Expect something like this on Android too
I actually dont mind that Apple took away the AUX port
Id be that rapper who talked about apple cider in his cup instead of lean applecider
if anyone is selling their apple watch please let me know
Apple iPhone 8 and the truth behind their prices
Yes he honestly thought the original poster was the leech you knew it but went on with your childish ad hom.
MelissaClark made the bourbon apple cake today for Thursday night. Should I go in fridge Will it keep Ty
I want Texas Roadhouse apple pie
Apple is still selling the iPhone 6s for a lower price and its a steal
Apple s iPhone Facial Recognition Technology Is Nothing Special to These People 
When Shumpert said Listen I got homies that were scammers that I had to stop talking to. All that 2 step acing the email like they Apple  
Dirty rice  cornbread for Emmys watch party. Apple pies in the oven. We dont know whos nominated but its an excuse for friends  food.
OpenBox Certified Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
Ich mag das YouTube Video
I wonder if there will be anyone apple fanboy enough to get an iPhone 8 then trade it in for an iPhone X
Forget the wife I had no idea about the apple dumplings.
Check out my Album on Apple Music Please RT
Very Good Condition Apple MacBook Air A1466 13.3 Laptop MD760LLA June 2013
Apple watch has been paired with another Apple watch for this trial offer will not be eligible. Hope this info was helpful. DR
Well I guess the apple doesnt fall far from the tree does it
i realllyyyyy wanna go to a sunflower field and an apple orchard and take cute pics
Id Do It For Free
I liked a YouTube video
Bruh... if Apple didnt have that damn keynote I wouldve known a new phone was comin out regardless because my little 6s tweakin
GOOD NEW The brand new Alpine iLX702D with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto and more is now in stock online and...
Misleading picture. Xiaomi may be boasting ports but also false advertising thickness. Mi 15.9mm vs MBP 15.5mm Apple
 Apple Event  What really matters  
Apple ones or what
Theres one Apple Watch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic
260365 Apple  Im not feeling my best so Im going plain today. Have you ever looked forward
Working on episode2 of WeeklyTechNews video MobileScience Apple Flipkart AmazonIndia Sale Yureka YU Amazon FlipkartSale
Apple picking adventure was a success today. SiennaGramWI JustAPeck The Elegant Farmer
. google and ccrew We are deeply concerned about the Safari 11 browser update that Apple plans to release
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Im listening to justin in the live lounge while drinking my apple juice. A good night 
I like Apple juice in v small portions and preferably as a cider either hot or alcoholic
Apple Put his song on ITunes
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Silver ATT Smartphone good condition
gigfm whats the full name of this app it says its in the Apple App Store... which has over 2200 music apps but no gigfm
pumpkin patch dates and haunted house dates and apple picking dates and pumpkin carving dates and hayride dates and halloween dates
I need To go to Apple Store and fix my camera asap
First up ADCOLORFUTURES Hackathon presented by apple
Apologies for ur experience. Purchasing an Apple watch 3 Series gives you the option of a 3 month free trial with us after activation. DR
Time to light a honeycrisp apple cider candle and cozy up in bed
Mi Apple Watch me pide que me pare
Exactly wth what I look like 
I liked a YouTube video
so it has built in connections that make ppl navigating like.. connecting to anything but apple a hassle Plus the social value stuff on top
Apple iPhone 8 and the truth behind their prices
Picked up this beauty today. Shes sweet as apple pie taylorjeanineemory skytoporchard 
apple id is disabled what do i do i cant update any apps. AppleSupport
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
EveryFallIHaveTo Drink my apple cider hot  preferably with some spiced rum or bourbon
Apple picking in 80 degree weather is weird but so are we.
This glutenfree Apple Crisp is a great choice for those fall potlucks
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
Apple vs Samsung
Final Entry Deadline Dec 1 2017  New Apple 2017 BOOK AWARDS
The Apple Watch Series 3 Stole The Show at The Apple Event 2017 New Video apple sundayfunday tech
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
When you see a photo of apples what image comes to mind... apple pie Fresh juice Hard cider The aroma of apple crisp in the oven 
I actually lost the dollar you gave me when I tried to connect my PayPal with my Apple account. I didnt buy anything by the way.
Apple needs to give us the True aux cord back
I didnt get the Apple Watch when it came out because I knew this one was coming.
Security aspects of Apple s Face ID technology kaspersky via kyhwana
Thank you for joining us How to tune in to Radio Youm Wi Lelah 1 Apple phones download app from itunes 2...
Thank you for joining us How to tune in to Radio Youm Wi Lelah 1 Apple phones download app from itunes 2...
Thank you for joining us How to tune in to Radio Youm Wi Lelah 1 Apple phones download app from itunes 2...
Vice versa. Apple juice is queen
Why is that whenever Apple releases a new iPhone everyones iPhone starts fucking up. Like why are yall playing with me.
 the ultimate in a way you know. life Shrug  HeadNod
Bitcoin in the Browser Google Apple and More Adopting CryptoCompatible API  CoinDesk
Im game for potato becoming earth apple again.
Apple Fest 
I dont know why the fact you put apple instead of apples is so funny to me but it is
i think part of it is also like apple forces apple users to connect to their other products in ways that arent compatible w other things
So apple can make headphones that can go through the washer and dryer but cant make a charger that lasts three days
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV has resumed Sex and the City  Take Me Out to The Ballgame.
If Apple had not changed their brand when they did then the confusion would have been a severe complication for the company. ICMKTG MSU3013
Advertising Groups Ask Apple to Rethink New Cookie Tracking Standards in Safari 11 CRYMORE 
apple pie cookies from subway go craaazyyyy i cant wait until they come back
TheIronKidneys IPhone X Giveaway Apple DarkRTs1 DayRTs FMCRTs TopsRTs PrimalReaperrr HyperRTs FatalRTs FlyRts
 138  Apple   illustration Apple 
AND DRINKING APPLE CIDER AND BURNING A MARSHMALLOW FIRESIDE CANDLE
IPhone X Giveaway Apple DarkRTs1 DayRTs FMCRTs TopsRTs PrimalReaperrr HyperRTs FatalRTs FlyRts
Tony Tuff can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted. ShiaLaTuff
Apple is still selling the iPhone 6s for a lower price and its a steal
 Apple  Samsung  and Amazon take next steps in Healthcare  by lucienengelen
Thats interesting to hear him say given that he made Apple so inclusive and strict with what will and wont work.
How to stream the 2017 Emmys live on iPhone iPad Mac or Apple TV 
Lincolnton County has Apple picking..
They remind me of Samsung fans waiting for the Apple release meeting.
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology  NPR
I made cupcakes healthy banana oatmeal apple wholewheat nosugar chocolatechips some
Me Whats the difference between iPhone 7 and iPhone 8 Apple Employee
 Ive revealed most of the everyday bts happenings to you all but its not as real wo actual seeing it. Stats are cool but film is
Apple is still selling the iPhone 6s for a lower price and its a steal
So Apple Music counts
Free Apple iPhone X Mockup PSD psd freepsd
We ended up going apple picking.
at least Ubuntu actually knows about Apple s weird ISOish keyboards even if it lacks a full set of British Mac keyboard bindings
I just spent 8 minutes on the phone w AdvantisCU and gave my SSN twice trying to verify my card for Apple Pay.
btw i didnt have apple music so i downloaded spotify and started a one week premium trial JUST for our babies comeback
Make your own
iPad Video Lessons 
APPLE APPLE APPLE  Reisingers Apple Country
Apple and Amazon reportedly pursuing James Bond franchise rights
Apple iPhone 7  256GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone Mint Condition
The new Apple iPhone X design is DUMB Dont know
New study suggests that Apple s differential privacy tool is ineffective to protect privacy
Apple s New iPhone X With FaceID Takes Giant Step Closer To A Mark Of The Beast Surveillance System cont
garbage argument and also doesnt make sense bc theres 100s of android oss n models n apple is constantly stealing ideas from them
ok not to be a hippie pinterest mom but apple cider vinegar is so amazing
i strongly recommend trying caramel apple cider
Brand New Apple iPhone 6 32GB Space Gray  UNLOCKED GSM
Apple fans Waiting For You is also on Apple Music
Rodeniel Jarabe on Apple Music
their more recent albums recently. Ive had to buy their albums from google play as Im an android girl and am only doing apple for bts
ARTICLE 170917 Apple .B it was in Busan...Lotte Giants vs SK Wyverns a refreshing stage
DLoesch Are you getting the new Apple Watch
HOW DIDDLY DARN CONVENIENT FOR APPLE
Apple iPad Pro 9.7 WiFi Rose Gold 32GB via eBay
Secret iPhone 9 prototype shots seen demonstrating new facial recognition  apple privacy art 
How it goes is available on I tunes and Apple Music..
OOP BEAUTIFUL BITCH THE LOML MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE
Who want apple
UGH I DONO IF I SHOULD GET AN APPLE WATCH OR NOT
Im a fan of apple too but for 200 extra you can buy a new Mac Air... also watch them release an iPhone XI next year. iPhoneX apple
Custard apple isnt a papaya. At least in Australia.
AppleWeek 2017 starts soon More than 100 yummy apple recipes coming soon
It looks like Apple got it right from the look of those mockups.
Cellphone  Apple wont be able to match iPhone X demand this year analyst predicts
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Gold at 129.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Months co...
Sooo I may or may not have eatin a half dozen apple cider donuts to myself today wowza
Can someone explain to me why we cant leave FaceTime voicemails yet Its 2017 Apple leggo
I call it stacked apple taco desert in my new flea market find dishes. My belly  heart are
My rich man tryna show off his Apple Watch And the time zone 
Lessons From Apple and Nissan  Learning The Game While Playing Game
the Brian C. Whitehurst Apple East HQTower so far an exclusive to said aforementioned tower amenity. life Shrug  HeadNod
Stop slowing my phone down Apple . Im already going to get the iPhone X
Apple iPhone 6  64GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone  Gold Silver Gray
New story on NPR Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
My bday gift to myself Apple Watch series 3
AJEnglish  How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
I need an Apple Watch.
We went too Mont St Hilaire but I found it way to hot and humid. I prefer crisp autumn air for apple picking
Apple Music or Spotify
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Rose Gold at 59.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Month...
Salsa Chicken Bowls Cauliflower Sweet Potato Mash Boiled Eggs Apple Spice Overnight
What is still today called a custard apple  A species of Genus Anona Right Once found in US on south shore of FL Lake Okeechobbee Botany.
Shes the apple of my eye yall... even though she made me look foolish for even TRYING to play her in Super Mario Kart
To all my Apple Valley friends wherever you are I miss you guys even if we havent talked in a while.
Thats the point you can never catch up and everyone trying to catch is just playing right into apple s wallet.
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV started playing Sex and the City  Take Me Out to The Ballgame.
Trying to decide between the series 2  series 3 apple watch
The Outlook Apple and Samsungs luxury smartphone price war tests economic theory ISYS1021
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Help me out
I never want to peel another apple again...
Apple to launch iPhone 8 8 Plus in India at 6 pm on September 29
Also do you not realize we ONLY HAVE TWO ACTUAL CORNERBACKS HEALTHY RIGHT NOW Imagine if DRC Janoris and Apple were all out.
Apple is never bringing back the aux cord and for good reason. let it go.
Selling DIY Addition  Apple Tree S8
RT AJEnglish  How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
42mm APPLE WATCH SPORT 1st gen for sale
Apple hating hard. Just autocorrected dak to fake
Bluetooth problem could let hackers take control of Apple  Samsung and Google devices 
I need to go to the Apple Store and buy a new charger
New Leather Band for Apple Watch 10 FREE SHIPPING Subscribe to get the DISCOUNT CODE heevsofficial apple applewatch Accessories 
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV has watched Sex and the City  Oh Come All Ye Faithful.
Trevor put a flat screen TV and Apple TV in my room  Im definitely not mad about it
Apple MacBook Air MMGG2LLA 13.3 Inch Laptop Intel Core i5 8GB RAM 256GB Mac OS X Newest Version
The most underrated Apple product AirPods.
The new Apple AAPL Watch 3 and iPhone X interfaces are ...  Quartz  Quartz
TRYING Apple Pie Oreo Cookies
Im making apple cider for the first time and its been 2 hours and there are 2 more hours to go and I cant wait for it to taste like shit
I downloaded their songs on Apple Music but its been a while since I heard any of their songs. And their solo albums Ive only heard harrys
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 7 256GB Silver at 897.99 on O2 SIM Only 12 Months co...
How would people feel any differently from using ecoin vs. their credit card debit card or Apple pay. An ecoin is DOA.
  APPLE  BOTtm BOOTy
 hit his lips and the quick bobbing of his Adams apple as he swallowed. Hurts doesnt it. Jaeger. Not really feeling sorry for him 
The Secret Message In The Apple Keynote For Entrepreneurs
The iPhone X Might Finally Convince You to Join Apple s Upgrade Program
Has anyone tried one of these Smart wireless camerasiot homekit apple smarthome
I was at the apple store today and did a little sketching on an ipad with an apple pen. It was fun to use
SBCC Offers Music Bargains Food at Annual Apple Festival 
ok but why arent any of Navs old albumssingles on Apple Music. AppleMusic pls fix your inventory
Darkiron S1 in ear Earbud Sport Headphones with Mic for Apple iOS and Android Smartphones PC..
Right we need less govt glad you agree
National Apple Dumpling Day Minecraft Hypixel
minus the depression part that was me with apple cider donuts yesterday
I liked a YouTube video
Have a good evening friends Check out these irrisistable caramel apple cupcakes tomorrow complete with homemade 
you wont if you start supporting apple watch series 3 before January
Have a good evening friends Check out these irrisistable caramel apple cupcakes tomorrow complete with homemade caramel candies iloveth  
got my new nerdphone astro a40s so looks like ill be able to soundwhore on PUBG finally instead of using apple earpods
Follow us ebidlaw our free app on Google Play and Apple Store . .Download . . attorney 
Anyone that says Apple is stupid for pricing out a 1000 device needs to look at what Samsung has been doing with the Note.
Anyone got a way for me to wat h the Emmys on Apple TV
Ring 14k Gold Natural Jadeite Chinese Apple Green 3 Carats Vintage 1970s Oval Genuine Jade vintagejadeitering
Poem From Every Bitter Apple ... 
My real life grandmother made the best apple pie ever
I did the Same thing at my apple store.
Raiders won I got myself a medal. Only negative was smashing my Apple Watch aroo RaiderNation SpartanRaceKillington 
I gotchu fam. Join my duel academy
Apple  Stores town squares skeptics branding fantasy  TribuneReview
im gonna drown myself in apple cider
Apple picking 2017 vs. Apple picking 2016 Grims Orchard  Family Farms
So my new go to cocktail is Jim Beam Apple  Coke.
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology  NPR
like ppl get in on this idea n then also consequently sign away their money bc they truly believe apple stuff is the best
How Apple s Pricey New iPhone X Tests Economic Theory  Expensive new phones from Apple and Samsung are testing...
I just want some corn on the cob a funnel cake a candy apple  and a large pizza.
Memphis 247 A Tribe Called Quest  Bonita Apple Bum
New glimpses of Apple s spaceship campus 
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad
Apple wants to make Siri a better therapist
Apple fritters 16 What kind of species is he I have one every 6 months and i feel like i had enough of grease for months
360WiseNews  iPhone X Vs iPhone 8 Whats The Difference  iPhone X or iPhone 8 Apple s new iPhones have dr...
Anyone sketch UIs using the Apple Pencil What app do you use
Mums from the apple orchard. FlowerReport boston fallflowers alyssaharad 
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
Apple animates emojis with iPhone X
After the Vikings game Jamie Anakin  I hit up Aamodts Farms apple orchard  the St. Croix Vinyards. 
This is the 60 wireless charger Apple prefers for the iPhone X and iPhone 8 AAPL via TechNewsTube
I ate a whole jar of apple sauce now Im crying on my couch
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  BusinessJournal
Apple Boom Timeline 1866  Thomas W. Harris planted the first commercial apple orchard in the valley.
I need to find more of my friends in Apple Valley on twitter.
Everything You Need to Know About the iPhone Xs Controversial Notch
Will the fifthgeneration AppleTV 4K make sense for you If youre a diehard Apple fan heres why it might.
opportunityalert apply for Apple HBCU Scholar Program pvlcomm pvnation
NEW BOROUGH RANKINGS 1. queens 2. macys parade 3. marcy houses home of top rapper memphis bleek 4. times square apple store 5. bronxlyn
Not all cpus are created equal. There is such a thing called ipc.
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
Techmeme Prepaid Wireless Customers Cant Add Apple Watch Series 3 to Their Plans Aaron PressmanFortune
Apple s Best Product Is Its Media Strategy
actually this is a preview of the apple XX out in 2020 to enslave apple customers indefinitely
I have my apple airplay on and this just showed up on my tv and i am terrified
Apple Watch 3 receive 3 mnths FREE service  free Activation. Visit local springmobile ATT Store to PreOrder today AppleWatch3 
sza PUT Z BACK ON APPLE MUSIC IM LIVIN
Mcdonalds apple pies...im ok with that
Say hello to the better quality camera android iphone
Try Yandex Sis loaded with Kasperskyat least the NSA GCHQ Mossad wont have to reward Apple Micosoft Google facebook with snitch funds
I liked a YouTube video
The only reason why Im still with Apple is because of their software. Hard to let go of the ecosystem.
It is easy to imagine how tezos alone can be bigger than Amazon Google Facebook Apple  Microsoft and more.
How many caramel apple pops is it socially acceptable to eat in one day Asking for a friend.
The little worm has come to the Big Apple
MY FUHKING CINNAMON APPLE
youre the apple to my pie
How to use the new Live Photos effects in iOS 11 apple
Apple iPhone X 5 technologies set for mass adoption now. Read more
Apple iPhone X 5 technologies set for mass adoption now. Read more
The businesstargeted Apple III crashed upon launching in 1980.
Apple s ARKit will innovate the everyday via TechNewsTube
I wanna go apple picking
Apple got plent mistakes not just album on there .. Spinrilla be with the fuckery
Not gonna lie  I was stocking up on apple pie Greek yogurt Im addicted for snacks this week in target and I...
iPhone X The Cost Of New Apple Smartphone Is Heavily Debated Apple announced some new
I skinned an apple RT 
Family Apple Picking Day . . OakGlen losriosrancho westcoast california losangeles 
The latest The The Nigerian Engine Daily
I feel so much hungrier after I eat the apple than before and I dont understand this phenomenon
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad  BGR
We should be seeing some iPhone 8 and Apple Watch 3 reviews tomorrow. Also 1 sleep left before iOS 11 hits. Tomorrow will be an exciting day
How about fixing the latest update for Powerpoint Apple  since I cant save files anymore.
This sums up everyones reaction to the iPhoneX Hey Apple you better watch it when the phone releases 
iPhone 8 release date  Apple didnt even tell you about one of the best features  Tech  Life  Style
Vintage 18K Solid Yellow Gold Natural Apple Green Jadeite Jade
Why bother when you already showed the world the iPhone X Kind of a waste of our money dont ya think
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  32GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone
Just bought apple cider vinegar wish me luck
Smashing your new iPhone must be the worst fucking thing to ever happen at a night out Apple iPhone
I reckon youd like apple on pizza addy
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Holding On Disclosure Feat. Gregory Porter APPS Apple
thanks yeah with Apple would open their Pencil API up to others rather than AdonitWacom etc having to come up with their own 
Same w me
This reminds me. Hey Apple  Saguaros only grow in Az. and Sonora. Can we get a Joshua tree emoji for other deserts
We appreciate your interest and encourage you to stay up to date on Apple news here
Why is there no iPhone 9 Because 7 8 9 iPhoneX Apple
Keeps the Labour Party away PM says at Freshmax near Hastings. Steven Joyce promptly eats an apple 
Health not just wellness is Apple s future
Apple had to make the launch on my birthday and steal my thunder  my friends.. Thanks Apple
Hi Im software engineer at Apple and I dont have a degree. Ive been developing software professionally for 21 years. unqualifiedfortech
We support Apple Pay when creating an account on iOS. Bitcoin is interesting except that its not ideal for subscription apps at this time.
so which is bigger his nose rileys adams apple 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
like chicken mole and apple sausage rice. And probably a ton of things I could chuck in the CrockPot
Happy morninggg apple of my eye jannanick95 rise shine
1 34 lbs. Worlds largest apple ever was 4.1 lbs for comparison.
Great Weekend in NapervilleBG Clearly the apple doesnt fall far
I know thats right I made stuffed Philly Cheese Croissants yesterday and today Buffalo Chicken and Cheese Balls with an Apple pie. Ssshit
Here we go. Video editing will be a lot better now. myfirstmac appleforlife apple
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Apple yall get on my nerves yall never give us time to enjoy the phone we already have yall just made the 7 and now the 8
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad  BGR
HELP LITTLE APPLE HAS BEEN STUCK IN MY HEAD FOR DAYS IF U DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS SEARCH IT UP ON YOUTUBE AND SUFFER FROM POSITIVITY 
You can take the girl outta Cali but you cant take the cali outta the girl even in the Big Apple NYC 
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad  BGR
Good Interview Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
Next time your in Coles grab a coles brand apple piethey only 2.80 and really are good for the price
ALRIGHT i ordered it but itll b a bit before i get the code ig apple made this so complicated
So Apple decided to remove the chin from the iPhoneX and give it a unibrow up top.
Today I had the opportunity to interview with Apple and Im hoping my best was good enough because this would literally be my dream job...
iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus Watch Series 3 And Apple TV 4K Models All Seeing Longer Delivery Dates 
Whoever you paid to make this appear on my timeline has lost you money. Im really not your target audience. I despise your products.
ICYMI Ann Arbor Apple Orchards  Cider Mills
This is the type of reasoning and judgement missing from todays Apple  it explains a lot.
Check us out. You can watch your live TV channels right on your Apple TV using an HDHomeRun networked TV tuner.
Please RT recipes food Apple Cinnamon Roll Muffins
gonna drink my apple soda tonight during game night online
The big issue for me is the business model. Apple doesnt have to sell ads and additional safari browser privacy whi
Daily breakfast ritual All of this  Kale Spinach Green Apple  Cucumber Celery Blueberries
Took my very British wife to do some very American Apple picking and apparently some apple canon shooting. 
lol the guy working at the apple store tried giving me his number.....
You forgot road apple .
steak and shrimp apple wood bacon mashed potatoes mixed veggies  red lobster biscuits
When it comes to playlist Spotify has Apple Music beat by a long shot... theres no debate
Racism is as American as Apple pie.
Me and my mom are planning to go apple picking together.
welcome to 2015 Apple  
What if Apple rejects apps that attempt to hide it
McDonalds to switch to organic less sugary apple juice in Happy Meals
Apple juice  Henny
Good morning Maam Apple Thanks sa qt ALDUBAlwaysForever
iTunes 12.7 Now with Infinite Loop Click webpage app link bounce to iTunes to Safari to iTunes.. apple itunes recursion 
I cant even tell if things revolving around Apple are jokes anymore... 
Whats the word on Apple TV Holla at me...
timcook Apple really iPhoneX 999 TO MUCH EXPENSIVE
Happy to see that apple rolled out some new back to school emojis 
The Black Apple SHAQ
The weight of this huge apple was 1 lb 12oz.
Bad Apple Cider in single use whiskey barrels headed to our warehouse to age. High grav whiskey barrel aged cider for Christmas this year  
I liked a YouTube video
The Apple iPhone is Brand New Original Unlocked 32gb128gb256gb with Complete accessories sealed in box With 12...
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad  BGR
Youll Want To Add The Oldest Apple Orchard In Maine To Your Fall Bucket List And its only 40 miles from...
Apple juice
Oh man the apple devotee salt in this thread is overwhelming this popcorn Im enjoying.
NPR News Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
Apple Olive Oil Cake oven ready.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone win 
Ostrich Replacement Macbook Charger 60w Magsafe LTip Power Adapter Charger for Apple Macbook Pro..
Apple Olive Oil Cake oven ready.
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 27 Desktop with 5K Retina Display 3.5GHz MNEA2LLA  June
Apple IPod Classic 6th Gen 80GB A1238 MP3 Player Tested Free Shipping Price 63.99 View and ...
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition TechnologyUberdriverconfessions uber  lyft ...
UpdateAn80sMovie Short Circuitexcept Johnny 5 is an Apple  everythings great but the whole movie is 28 minutes long. 50 if U got wifi.
Apple iPhone 7 128 GB Black Unlocked GSM
Honestly I have absolutely no interest in the products due to ridiculous price markup. The mp3 player has my interest hanging by a thread.
New York apple crops are up and may set a new record Its a great year for a visit to Fly Creek....
Inside Apple s Plan to Change How You Experience the World
I liked a YouTube video
AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  3 Feet 0.9 Meters  Black by AmazonBasics
Apple  Samsung and Amazon A look at the Next Steps in Healthcare by lucienengelen
1000 for the new Apple iPhone X Are you kidding If you feel the same way you have to watch this parody video.
Have NO IDEA why Apple didnt take this route smh
The amount of thought that Apple puts into its security design is very often overshadowed by the nitpicking of their software bugs.
I need a fall bf to go 2 pumpkin patch apple orchard and haunted house I may keep u till Black Friday then u can b done
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
That is totally true
Apple Music really get on my nerves sometimes
But are they People already have paid or are paying off 849 for a 7...yes thats crazy. But people will pay it. iPhoneX Apple
Apple cider goes really good with ginger ale
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Boston Red Sox Will Be Fined Over Apple Watch Sign Stealing
LOL Im just gonna get an Apple Watch and call it a day.
Apple iPhone X 5 technologies set for mass adoption now
Ill keep my 7 thanks And even pass the iPhone X .. to much money for a plaything.
Display Release on apple CAST
This would be great with some spiked apple cider and a few blunts.
Well going by that logic. 3. Muted hold this L 4
ARTICLE 170917 Apple .B performed Woochuchu in 2017 KBO League
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
can you guys please talk to me nyas at her dumb work and im mad abt my apple music and im bored
Anyone in NY wanna mail down some Apple Cider donuts The place on St James Road...The Garden Barn...is a fave...
Going down a slippery slope Why The iPhone X Will Force Apple To Choose Between Good Or Evil
Home made apple strudel from home picked apples ... the best.
Apple pie on our stove..fall is around the corner
Apple s iPhone Facial Recognition Technology Is Nothing Special to These People 
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
walked down Bedford Ave  noticed the following Apple Store Duane Reed Starbucks Verizon Whole Foods. Equinox TMobile lol lame
Apple s 10th Anniversary Of The iPhone  Whats Next  Forrester
Apple Ipod Nano 4th Generation Purple 16 Gb
apple pat my shoulder and told me to drink soju w her
Lessons From Apple and NissanLearning The Game While Playing The Game
People Magazine... the recipe source for the clueless. This recipe is sponsored by the Association of American Apple Growers
I backed this Kickstarter  Nox Archaist  8bit RPG for Apple II Mac and PC by 6502 Workshop LLC
 Apple IPhone 6 Plus16GB 64GB ATT Smartphone Gold Gray Silver Cell Phone Price 349.95 ...
Since Apple has decided to remove Playlist editing in iTunes in Windows AND function keys from laptops I hope the mp3 player patent ends.
First the apple turnover now removing his own heart... Henry is always up to some dumb shit as a believer OUAT
Factory Sealed Apple Ipod Classic 3rd Generation 40 Gb Top Of The Line Rar
to pair with their iPhone via Bluetooth or WiFi. Carrying the LTE Apple watch will be something we look at
Apple is inventing  For years know that Samsung Huawey Xiaomi have it ...
Trying to look at Samsung phones on my Apple phone and the Samsung website wont load. suspect
Because theyre essentially meaningless. All flagship phones are fast enough to not notice any difference between them.
A 37yearold woman flying through the sky drinking a carton of apple juice
Ikea and Apple team up on augmented reality home design app
I made this today at the apple fest 
apple vs orange
Hello customers can purchase Apple Watch Series 3 the LTE or the noncellular version and bring it to Rogers
Apple I.D
I liked a YouTube video
IKEA has been selling wireless charging lamps since 2015 so 2017 can not be that bad. Thanks Apple  Kidding hope all is well
Apple pie
Insane Clown Pose is trending on Apple Music right now
Lay on my bedroom floor listening to let it be eating an apple turn over and drinking a brew and its bloody great
So are yall just gonna keep messing w my phone have it act up till i buy the new iphone Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple cider vinegar is really my bestfriend I use it for everything
AJEnglish How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
If you buy the poison Apple stein from a fruit cart it comes with grapes or pineapple 
Get ready to go broke ppl
Look more closely... the lady is receiving an apple from someone behind her and it is ending up in that fruit basket... poisoned
Hey MarieCallenders our french apple pie was just awful. Disappointing. Can we bring it back for a doover
Apple needs to come out with an update that completely changes the way everything looks
I am the messiest Carmel apple eater.
 Apple Watch 3 Breaks Boundaries For Fitness Wearables by Pat Cooper
Laundry Dishes Vacuum Clean house Mow Lawn Mow Grandmas Lawn Hockey tryouts Apple picking Help whomework Walk Dog Rest
i get this at least once every week but every apple i buy is just so gross and disappointing
Wanna go apple picking soon
drinking apple sourz on my ONES
shoutout my homies at Apple for this special Ringer edition MacBook 
FOOT HEALTH After Soaking Your Feet in Apple Cider Vinegar You...
FOOT HEALTH After Soaking Your Feet in Apple Cider Vinegar You...
Soak Your Feet In Apple Cider Vinegar The Results Will Amaze...
I have a 900 phone and yet my snaps still upload like shit. Fix yourself Apple Snapchat
i wanna go apple picking
Full disclosure pumpkin pie is for sissies eat an apple pie like a man team pie
USC and the Apple cup are gonna be interesting. Nothing would make me happier than the Cougs taking the Dawgs to the woodshed. Well see.
AmazingPhil there should be a hedgehog emoji smh apple 
Apple iPod Touch 4th Generation Black 64GB MC547LLA Used 7DCPC Price 105.00 View and ... DigitalCamera
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Help me settle an fall themed argument with MaddieMoriarty . Whats the better way to drink apple cider
same to you my friend
Display Release on apple CAST
One bad apple tho. Right
drop Blue Pill on Apple Music
How about you work that out 4 yourselves Apple Watch is 1 Watch. Apple Music is main Spotify competitor. Build a freakin app watchos4
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone New
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
i have been listening to vintage halloween music and there is apple cider in the house and it is TIME
Think Im gonna get an Apple Watch
Green apple 
Adding the Apple Watch to the wishlist
Pictures I took at the apple orchard 
Apple went straight from iPhone 8 to iPhone 10...what happened to 9 According to TheEllenShow its pretty clear seven ate nine. Get it
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Its interesting how Apple s timcook can promote the new iPhone but cannot take responsibility for DEFECTIVE iPhones losingfaithinapple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple
Whyd you quit Dokkan
russdiemon are you gonna put Prosper on Apple Music Thats my shiiiiiiiit
Dont want to give up summer fruit but looking forward to fall Try this Apple Fig Barley Bowl
Came out of my room got a cucumber from the fridge ate it like an apple  and my dad looks at me like this 
aaaaaHwjeoaa apple is I. My hou s hrb re lp
Nylon Bands for Apple Watch  FREE SHIPPING Follow Us heevsofficial or Check Our Website
I spent 41 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Like CTGpod but dont have Apple Podcats Good news were now available on GooglePlayMusic  Catch up now before tomorrows new episode
leave for just a weekend  my box to my Apple Watch is missing.
If I have Apple Music does it count
i wish i still had my apple cider slushie i dont want to go upstairs and talk to my family 
I liked a YouTube video
I love apple juice. So it fits.
then i powered through again and cleaned my house drank green tea and apple cider vinegar washed the linens and opened all my windows
things I would like to receive as gifts in no particular order red wine new bath towels and an Apple Watch
RT Entrepreneur  10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic  by RoseLeadem
Insane how before the Apple event nobody knew what the iPhone X was...now its trending on every social media outlet. comm4050
Seems like everyone is going after apple nowadays... Xiaomi
Im going to Germany tomorrow and honestly all I can say in german is youre welcome and I am apple 
Ive been drinking apple cider vinegar for some time now but Im still not ready to drink it straight. poorlifechoices
http MRS.GREEN APPLE WANTED WANTEDradiko.jponair with TACTY IN THE MORNING8  FM802  cont
Ive posted videos of her eating avocado just like that with nothing. Lol she eats it like apple
So true when I lived in New England fresh fall cider was Cider referred to in my England tweets is Hard Cider alcohol version of apple
Im 90 certain Apple chose Qi standard because alternative WiPower is owned by Qualcomm didnt want them to own another monopoly.
Abyone Slim 85W Power Adapter Charger with USB for Apple MacBook Pro MacBook Air Magsafe 2 or..
The shells have your pumpkin and apple spices and hidden in the middles weve got pumpkin butter and caramelized apples. They dont suck
Aamodts Farms apple orchard  St. Croix Vinyards fun today 
2yearold daughter pulls a chair over to the fruitveggie bowl climbs up and takes a bite out of everything in it. Tomato apple  etc
Apple just put MachineLearning in your pocket  DeepLearn007  MT AI ML Digital ...
Dutch Apple Pie Milkshakes await you... Open until 9pm milkshakeofthemoment 
iPhoneX vs iPhone8Plus which to buy 
lol no one I know wants either 8 or the X. X is overpriced and the 8 is nothing new. My company just ordered 20 new 6s.
Some idiot dropped an Apple he or she was eating into the guacamole  a recipe was born.
planned obsolescence  f apple
First apple from the backyard tree  dang good
APPLE IPad 2 16GB WIFI  BLACK  WHITE  9.7 TABLET WITH ONE YEAR WARRANTY Price ...
I liked a YouTube video
Lets get you pointed in the right direction. Reach out to our Apple TV experts here for more
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
 Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
I liked a YouTube video
Would not be surprised if Apple did not actually want Qi at all but rather Qualcomm made them adopt it. Spin machine is good though
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
What does Apple s new product announcements mean for HealthCare innovation disruption
Hate apple juice. This is flawed
I meannnnn if you talkin bout that type of eatin then bone apple teeth bitch. 
SlitLifeRadio EP.34 feat supakaine SoundCloud
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEspect me because I make money to buy Apple products
Apple  atleast we have dabbing emoji
P.s. I love Apple TV.
Oreo need to stop I draw the line at MINT and now Apple pie... you gave us golden now just chill sound like bankruptcy in the future
First time its selling 4 phones together. Apple is still selling the iPhone 6s for a lower price and its a steal
thats the secret of the black fur and the y have a massive dick which has to the nearest apple store
Its hard to get viruses on Apple  do you get viruses easily Thats what I heard and thats keeping me away from Samsung at the moment
Dont delete a tweet then tell someone to hold an L. 
yknow my mom just says apple juice in english .
JohnLegere any chance for a free hulu and apple music to go with your uncarrier move.
the only device i have is a laptop . Cant remember my apple password to get on itunes. old school guy CDs
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV has resumed Sex and the City  Oh Come All Ye Faithful.
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple . Learn more
Or get a Samsung Galaxy S6 or S7 or S8. Welcome to 2015 Apple fans.
Will Maria Im Drunk ever be streamable on Apple Music
Fuck Apple and fuck Sprint
APPLE KEYNOTE 2017
Medical Lab Technician  Clinical Lab  Full Time Days  Apple Valley CA 
Drop this on Apple Music please
NBCSports Your Apple TV used to have NFL football now i cant watch any football this season. Whats the deal
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Craving some apple pie moonshine
Grilled Chicken Livers with Herb Butter  Marks Daily Apple
AJEnglish How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
Our Approach to Privacy  Apple
Android phones are now failing at twice the rate of Apple s iPhones
Apple touts new Town Square retail store concept
wonho has an apple watch ...... IPADSTA X WHO 
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  business
Jim Cramer on Lowes Walmart Alphabet Salesforce Samsung Apple  business
Get U signature design with LookRev interior decoration Apple 
New York apple crops are up and may set a new record Its a great year for a visit to Fly Creek.
How to stream the 2017 Emmys live on iPhone iPad Mac or Apple TV
Best game Tap Tap Cash Apple iPhone
iOS11 is buggy and slow. Wifi has issues. YT vides lag. Some tweets and other social media do not load every time. What gives Apple 
Why isnt it on the album in apple tho
Apple should come out with a water lock feature kind of like the one on the Apple Watch for the iPhone
Judging by how triggered you just got I dont need to say anything lol. Hold this L Lol ok. Good one
I liked a YouTube video
Not a very eloquent way to put it but hot coffee hot apple pie and hot pussy...what more could you ask for 
Drinking an Apple of My Chai by FFTTCIDER 
Yes it is very easy to get that cutie mark confused with other things. Case in point apple butter jars vs. pear butter jars
eekk I got my Apple Music back
Whats a name other than a word people recognize Apple  Amazon Canon. Im for freedom of expression but you have to protect your trademark
Herbal Secrets Apple Cider Vinegar 500mg 120 Capsules Herbal Secrets
Tell me if this works bc if it does I will contact Apple again about their absolutely crappy voice dictation among a few other quibbles.
If you have time I would half jokingly tell you to follow marcoarment on twitter... he sells of lightly used Apple gear frequently...
Tech Giants Like Apple and Amazon Building Monuments to Digital Domination  SPIEGEL ONLINE
Im trying to preorder the iPhone 8 with the upgrade program Apple offers but apparently its too smart for me and my dad to figure out
apple is better btw
Here are some pumpkin and some apple pecan macarons. Quite possibly my best ones yet 
Why no outcry about this Google Apple Microsoft are also reported to be avoiding tax in this country. Oz public swallows so much BS
Nah. Think I might start looking elsewhere
GTTYH out now Apple Music
Heres J Jonah Jameson when Peter asks him for an advance so that he can buy a replacement suitparts from an Apple store. Suttoncomedy 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
AJEnglish  How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
Do I wanna upgrade my Apple watch
LouisTomlinson was wondering if Apple was going to have BackToYou without the expletives My 11 yr old wants it on her iPod. Thx
Apple is using machine learning for Face ID. Is that a good thing
you built like a bruised apple
Apple should become comedians cuz the iPhone 8 is a good joke
Apple s app store ads are getting ridiculous. 
Pinecone Apple Necklace Craft  a Back to School Craft for Kids
Apple cider spice cake with caramel cream
AugmentedReality Editorial Why Apple s Immersive Evolution Starts With Poop
My fall decor is finally out Eating buffalo chicken dip and drinking apple cider. Omg I live for this time of year fall autumn
Apple iPhone 6s Plus a1634 64GB for ATT Gold Silver Rose Gray
Android names with their versions have been released Apple Pie 1.0 Cupcake 1.5 Donut 1.6 Eclair 2.02.1...
AppleSupport your  Apple Candidate Privacy Policy mentions Safe Harbor Principles which was overturned in 2015.
Part of the reason Apple hides its money overseas and pays little or no taxes.
Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology  NPR
Looking for sthg to do tonight Black Apple Crossing features a oneman folk operetta
Ya ass look like a bruised apple
It is really unnerving to receive a push notification on my Apple Watch while Im doing electrical work
its apple juice
I liked a YouTube video
You even have apple dumpling day. I never knew of it 
I want to go apple picking pumpkin picking butt Im single as shit
Junk like everything else from Apple since the 80s virus Quick Time.
I just pretend its part of how apple phones fuck up close to a new release.
Relocated Apple store opens for business in Reno Nevada.
Watch Apple goes allin on augmented reality.
Enable drag and drop in their apps complication for Apple Watch this job is really great
TMobiles John Legere boosts Apple Watch LTE speed limit in response to customer feedback.
Breakfast Probiotic Beetroot Bircher selection of seeds and grains soaked in coconut kefir beetroot and grated apple 
345Dayaaaa read the tweets
Selling my Apple Watch
some people complain about everyone riding apple s dick.
This week on appleinsider  Apple unveils iPhone X  8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K  more.
Im super in the mood for a caramel apple
20 miles east of here above Placerville is Apple Hill where fresh apple cider is now available. Amazingly better than grocery store cider.
I liked a YouTube video
The easiest way to eat Apple Pie this Autumn 
Can iOS 12 please be the iOS where Apple gets notifications right via r apple
Apple addresses ad industry complaints over Safari tracking prevention feature.
Our first apple cider that will hopefully be hard cider in a few months 
It has become we and them smh
now that Apple iphone X is announced the price of iphone 7 gonna drop ..so im gonna finnaly buy a galaxy s6 cheap version.. sssniperwolf
ARTICLE 170917 Apple .Bs Hyunmin sang the korean national anthem in 2017 KBO League
Dont forget taxavoiding.
Excellent analysis by om on the HWSW symbiosis thats wodens Apple s lead in mobile tech
im so mad my pictures keep deleting and then coming back we get it apple new phones are coming out dont screw mine up so i buy a new one
Apple airs Apple Watch Series 3 ad showcasing Apple Music over LTE AirPods support.
Talking will ruin the moment for you. Looming Trump deal on WikiLeaks Russia
Apple s differential privacy still collects too much specific data study says.
If Apple were super serious about health they would make inroads about not just activity but also nutrition though. JUST SAYING
STOP making excuses for Apple 
Apple s Craig Federighi details Face ID in new interview u.
Apple knows what they are doing haha
Heres Everything You Need To Know About The New iPhones has been published on Latest News on Apple products ... 
Virgin Mobile USA sets later Sept. 29 launch for Apple s iPhone 8  8 Plus.
Apple iPhone X 5 technologies set for mass adoption now  Financial Express
Apple no home button Whats next The charger The speakers Damn Steve would slap yall if he was still alive.
AppleInsider readers are split on the iPhone X notch but most support Apple s decision to embrace it.
Soooo busy today wish I had my Apple watch.. Cant wait to go home and take a cold shower..
or I guess technically juice of apple .
These stickers cover up the Digital Crown red dot on your Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Wireless chargers throughout the house since 2012 Nexus 4 and 7. Thanks Apple I guess
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic via Entrepreneur RoseLeadem
Sweet Apple Pie Bar Soap by NaturegirlsCreatiCo via Etsy dustinpari need some fall soap for your home
Apple is 2 years behind SamsungUS 
I responded to KiltedTim and they deleted my response...I really dont like Apple s Tactics. Why dont we build our own Horizon Machine
Apple hardware lead Johny Srouji to speak at Carnegie Mellon on Sept. 18.
New story on NPR Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
If anyone is selling or knows someone who is selling an Apple Watch please let me know Please
Apple will announce the new 7th Generation iPod Touch today. ipadpro ipadair velocitytech 
Extra Strength Apple Cider Vinegar Pills  All Natural Detox Digestion Weight Loss  Circulation Support 
Video Should you preorder Apple s iPhone 8 or wait for iPhone X.
Apple iPhone 8 vs Google Pixel
He recalls your finger to be its broken thicket more than your large boyrigged girl yob apple .
NationalAppleDumplingDay Sunday Evening a perfect time for family  starting a new week and Apple Dumplings 
AppleWatch Which Apple Watch should you buy  The Verge
Apple s new App Store rules say devs must provide alternative to Face ID for kids under 13.
If you have a old Apple Watch hmu
I liked a YouTube video
iOS 11 GM leak references iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X. iPhone8 iPhoneX Apple 
Trade bodies deeply concerned about Apple s updates
I liked a YouTube video
APPLE JUICEEEEEE
A11 Bionic processor in iPhone 8 iPhone X contains first Apple designed GPU new secure element.
Apple s FaceID Could Be a Powerful Tool for Mass Spying
apple juice in french is literally juice of apples
Why cant MGKs Mind of a Stoner and Raise the Flag be on Apple Music machinegunkelly
chick fil a. Especially on a Sunday. Bone apple treat boy
she think im love wit her apple pie but im so in love wit tha cake..
Apple iPod Touch 4th Gen 3.5 8GB Touchscreen iOS WiFi MusicVideo MediaPlayer Price 52.95 ...
Apple isnt expected to catch up to iPhone X demand before first half of 2018.
Its happening bookishlysarah  Kimono  are about to embark upon WynonnaEarp  Apple TV has a different idea... 
honestly apple music was the best investment ive made in awhile
Definetly getting that 8 plus and apple watch
apple music continue to disrespect it by not putting it up
Apple s iPhone 8  iPhone 8 Plus  what are the differences.
I hate apple so much omg
Can I have an apple  Its all i can think about apples. I love apples. Maybe Im having a craving Thats new never had cravings before
FUCK APPLE MAPS GSHIT
The appleinsider podcast shares impressions on iPhone X iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 more.
Apple Juice.... So my special cat
So good  and I havent even heard the song cause I saw it in a restaurant where I couldnt hear it
Honeycrisp was just the beginning inside the quest to create the perfect apple
Huh. I thought Apple Podcasts on iOS supported chapters but I guess it doesnt anymore
All I want is a bagel from Big Apple
Governments People are covering their smartphone cameras. This is a problem. Apple  I got you fam.
you must not know how to download a new operating system. The stock is terrible. You can just make your own.
Please RT iphone ipad mac VUDU App Officially Launches on Apple TV
Well...I like CocaCola  Apple Pie SO...Moving on Next Tweet LOL
RT ajenglish How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
I still dont get how apple is able to charge for songs when you can get this tracks everywhere for free
Is it just me or did apple just do what windows did iPhone 7 iPhone 8 and iPhone X because 7 ate 9
Two Apple Chip Stocks Just Broke Out These 3 Are Near Buys SP 500 Futures
American as Apple pie 
Xiaomis latest laptop targets Apple s MacBook Pro
How Apple became the most profitable company in the world
Apple just put MachineLearning in your pocket  DeepLearn007  MT AI ML Digital edgecomputing tech
Apple Watch straps
Shouldnt have drank all that apple juice
The Apple Event 2017 Summary  One More Thing iPhone X
How to Download Paid Apps FREE from App Store Apple Id No Jailbreak iOS 911 iPhone iPad 2017
Is wireless charging the most important thing announced by Apple   TreeHugger 
saradietschy I send you a dm on insta if you would take a look if you get the time its just a quick question about apple s airpods.
Attempt 2 at an apple pork chop recipe was an epic failure.
Accessory Apple Ipad Black Silicone Case with Free Screen Guard
I liked a YouTube video
Thats some weird baseball equipment I dont even see and apple pie...
FireSarah Apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Parenting failure for both your dog torturing son and liar daughter.
Moral of the story backup your phone on iTunes and get yourself apple products it is so worth the money at least sometimes
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black for 109.00 with 29d 23h via eBay
I gave her some peanut butter to dip her apple in. Shes eating it like pudding... thatshowsherolls mygirl food 
Digital news culture  Apple Gets Mixed Reactions To New iPhones Facial Recognition Technology
Apple Kills Watch Series 2 Its Either The Original Apple Watch Or Series 3 fitnesstech
Theres one AppleWatch feature Apple should steal for the new MacBooks
Plz dont drag your bf to the apple orchard for the instagram pictures. Just bring your girlfriends instead. Id like  comment on that pic.
Spotify or Apple Music
Apple Color Understanding 2k and Digital Intermediate Workflows
I bought a Roku this last spring  it quickly became my fave device over my Fire  Apple TV.
ThomasBeautyy please make an Apple Music playlist.
360WiseNews  iPhone X Vs iPhone 8 Whats The Difference  iPhone X or iPhone 8 Apple s new iPhones have dr...
Apple cider vinegar is off great use for beauty health and also at home.use it every day for variou...
I just took a shot of ciroc henny jack Daniels and crown Apple mixed together
Can iOS 12 please be the iOS where Apple gets notifications right via r apple apple 
Started our Saturday off with an 8k to support my incredible hospital and ended it having apple 
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Watch 3s LTE feature wont work when traveling abroad The Apple Watch Series 3 is
Apple really a set up
Xiaomis latest laptop targets Apple s MacBook Pro
i drink apple cider way to much
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  business
If I get a dollar every time iOS update appear on my screen I know I wont be a billionaire but I will be more richer than a non apple user.
Everything We Know About Apple s Upcoming iPhone 8 2017  business
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Silver at 659.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Months...
Jim Cramer talks Apple  Take Two Interactive Citi Group Arconic  BusinessJournal
Augmented reality might finally hit the mainstream thanks to Apple s ARKit
Apple unveils its Most expensive iPoneX
Lessons From Apple and Nissan  Learning The Game While Playing Game
Earn real rewards for trying new apps. Download apps for points  swap points for awesome prizes
Apple iPhone 8 256GB grau 4525 
Former Apple Employee Shows 11 Rules For Success From His Former Apple Boss  BusinessJournal
We are senior iOS developers who teach iOS  tvOS dev in Swift and ObjectiveC. Learn more
Apple  at least we have a decent keyboard that doesnt lag
Apple removed their homepages carousel listing sections sequentially instead. Carousels constantly test poorly
 Apple pie without cheese is like a hug without a squeeze wise words of my grandfather.
Lets go apple picking
Is an apple watch a good investment or would I be wasting my money
Apple Watch Series 3 Cant Connect on Prepaid Wireless Plans  Fortune. IoT Tech SecRecon
Apple juice is my shyt.
Im propumpkin spice and all but have we forgotten how good apple cider is
apple die car 10w
ijustine my Apple Watch is preparing to ship
Apple receives Senate inquiry on Face ID privacy concerns  Fox News
I fall  Homemade apple cider to be canned canningseason canning Yummy KountryKitchenSD
Pb sammich and a granny Smith apple .
Guys my crab apple juice game is on point Gives me the 1950s housewife vibe like nothing else
Read This Before Drinking Apple Cider Vinegar Side Effects  Natural Medicine Team
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Why apple juice why why why
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Don t Look Down Martin Garrix APPS Apple
Tyron Smith for Eli Apple .. lets talk dallascowboys
I think my apple watch is broken
I didnt know apple juice was alive
NEW PICTURES CANDY APPLE  A1125276 TO BE DESTROYED ... Follow me here for more info and status updates
I hate Apple .
Is my Apple Watch compatible with watchOS 4
Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
Aint no favorites cuz the Caribbean got too much variety. Passion fruit Golden Apple  Custard Apple  Star Fruit Coconut Sugar Cane etc.
Apple Mason Jar Pencil Holder Teacher Gift Craft  Kicking It With Kelly
Apple cider vinegar smells so bad I wish I was joking
Lots and lots and lots of apple pie filling and applesauce was produced in the Hutson Homestead
GUYS DONT DO THE NOTCH DISPLAY APPLE DID
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic Entrepreneur
TMobile backtracks from plan to throttle Apple Watch speeds to 512kbps
How Pixar saved Steve Jobs and Apple  CNNMoney
5 colors of Apple Watch Replacement Bands on sale for 7.99 each 38mm  42mm use code EOII5CIV 
9to5mac Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
Beware folks with caller ID claiming to be Apple are making scam calls about tech problems. The creeps are calling from 3125299500.
Apple series products charger chargeriphone uscharger mobilephonecharger iphone8 
Apple s new iPhones have fast charging but its not free  The iPhone X supports fast accuse. According to...
Unfilter apple cider vinegar is not your mother.
I already know kinfolk lmao cherry and apple undefeated tho
It fucking says apple cider on the bottle
Thats why they added Cockrell. You think he plays outside w Apple  And DRC on Tate in slot Giants
TechCrunch AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
ContentMarketing Podcast PNR 201 Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
New on Ebay for the United States Imac SEALED Retina 5K 27 Apple iMac 4.0 GHz Skylake i7 2TB Fusion 8GB RAMAppl
I dont have an apple .
Honestly when it comes to cinematography Apple really has it on point
Whats next for businesses and app owners after Apple kills 32bit apps
Now making Cam apple crisp... this may be why hes marrying me
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Sooooo for real who am I going apple picking with
Shure announces Bluetooth wireless earphones
Make this easy dish today Slow Cooker Apple  Pear Sauce with coconutsugar slowcooker apples pears applesauce
I find it highly suspicious that my iPhone 6s started draining power rapidly as soon as Apple announced new event conspiracytheory
mmmmmm i love that chicken tiddy bress bone apple teets
Apple Music to get Ed Sheeran Bruno Mars and others with Warner Music deal
Treat your customer like theyre the apple of your eye bc theyre not just a random person. biztips mattducz
Dairy Free Gluten Free Apple Pie  Fresh and Natural Foods
Tate wouldve been nonexistent with Jenkins and Apple didnt look good last week
iOS 11 is available tomorrow D Apple
The EarPods you get with the iPhone 6 suck Im going back to the 4 or 5 ear buds Apple
this playlist i found on apple music is garbageeeeee wtf
Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
Apple s iPhone screen repair prices are now 20 higher
The one labeled  apple cider looks like antimace vinegar. Be careful they might also have safety glasses.
A friend has bought a few of them and likes it a lot. They are certified and refurbished by Apple  just been owned before
Wow really apple raising those prices on screen replacements
If you missed apple dumpling day yesterday celebrate this week with this easy recipe
people arguing againts iphones but they still using apple as their aesthetic
Yesss good Apple Music good Apple Music you get a treat for writing it the way its supposed to be BTSDNATODAY BTSALBUMTODAY 
The apple of my eye is in that pie
It doesnt even have caramel in it or anything. How is this considered candied apple . Who greenlit this drink
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I liked a YouTube video
AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
TechCrunch AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
anthonyrossbach It would go against Apple s guidelines for the notch. Would call attention 
Check out Ever After High Way Too Wonderland Apple White Doll Mattel
I wonder what Apple storage room looks like because it takes the employees a half hour to an hour to just go back there to grab a part
Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
Its great that Odell Beckham Jr. is back but Eli Apple is going to have to justify his top ten selection with Janoris Jenkins out. Giants
Im entirely convinced that half of these people come to get sandwiches just for the caramel apple lollipops.
what worse than finding a worm in your apple     the holocaust
TechCrunch AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
To be clear I dont want an Apple Watch i just never considered one until they presented the option
I understand that 32bit apps will no longer work on iOS11  will Apple refund my purchases that are only avail. in 32bit AppleSupport 
Did you bring the teacher an apple 
Eat an apple 
How adorable is this felt apple garland from handmadecharlotte qutze qutzemarket apples 
When Apple s animojies drop youll finally be ready for vlogging.
KGI iPhone X eating iPhone 8 preorders LTE Apple Watch Series 3 demand stronger than expected  9to5Mac
Nice WTF He tried to attack me He was on the Sam Apple trail. Glad his mom wasnt around...
Apple iPhone Screen Replacements Are Now More Expensive. Read more
Apple iPhone Screen Replacements Are Now More Expensive. Read more
All Things Apple  Panasonics Surprisingly Affordable New Camera PODCAST
AT FIRST I WAS LIKE Ethan on an apple AND THEN I REALIZED IT WAS A CHERRY AND IM STILL CONFUSED
I call dibs on apple slice
Still not sure why apple thought of that cutouts.  iPhone X Screen Demystified
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Nobody can give Apple as much money as I do and still manage to hate them. lol.
apple gotta stop with those winguardian leviosa headphones. bruh those headphones look like shrek when he took those candles out his ears.
iPhone Xs components may cost Apple nearly 600
yall have no idea how bad apple cider vinegar tastes. i drank the exact same one and her reaction is accurate but it does help detox
Apple wants to improve dictation on its various devices
Apple CEO Tim Cooks compensation for 2012 fell from 378 million to 4.17 million because he didnt receive any stock options this year
im over buying apple earbuds hello 5 earbuds
Tech Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
AllisonLCarter neighbor just brought me over a slice of apple pie 
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
If only shed read the side of the bottle. 12 tsp of Braggs Apple Cider vinegar 8 oz water  tsp of honey. Delish and good for you.
After biting from the apple  Adam felt shame and covered himself with a fig leaf. Eve too felt shame and...
Apple IPhone 6  16GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone Price 120.55 View and Buy this ...
Apple s Face ID can be quickly disabled in an emergency  Help Net Security
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Apple gotta step up
apple is busy working on facial recognition when all we want is 3 person facetime 11
iOS 11 is available tomorrow  Apple Newsroom press release
AppleSupport Hello Did Apple device enabled Restrictions criteria change recently
Nice Its exciting to see refactoring progressing
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch Reports that the Boston Red Sox cheated in games with
I miss being able to swipe to unlock my iPhone Apple 
headchopper E. Apple  Golladay in 2015 NCAA .. Golladay had 3 catches for 19 yards.....Prediction 2Nite M Jones  71192TDs  Rebuttal
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Having lived in apple country I can attest farmfresh heirloom apples are natures way of giving the middle finger to big industry
Question for all of you that like apple products for some damn reason.... Why to you specify eyePhone and MacBook...
I guess is that the same for overdrive and libraries
Apple has a surprisingly wide range of iPhones for all types of people right now
TechCrunch AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
apple does test me sometimes but Damn at least iphones last more than a year and a half
Yep Weve finally arrived to the point where I can recommend Apple Watch to anyoneeveryone without reservation.
Apple
All day today all my social media accounts and phone havent been loading.. Thanks a lot Apple . You won. Ill get an Iphone 8.
Your local Apple Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider.
We are teaming up with 95.5 PLJ for an after work Happy Hour party supporting the Apple A Day program this Friday at 6pm 
its big but not detrimental. Move DRC outside to cover Galloday move Apple on Marvin Jones Tate will garner more attention
The offering of a Red Delicious apple is another fine test of whether youre dealing with a human or a martian in a human suit.
Fuck eve too  That apple wasnt worth it bitch got me out here suffering
They kind of taste like Apple Pie Oreos.... cookiebutter oreos speculoos verytasty
Were up in New York for my 50th birthday so I took Shannon out for the day to The Big Apple 
Apple File System a replacement of HFS
Apple Watch Screen Protector JETech 2Pack 38mm Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple ..
Theres a reason why theyve gone with AirPower. Theyll be driving some Apple only capabilities on top of Qi.
Apple is notorious for releasing software upgrades meant for their better phones that slow down any older device
to be fair it was on Apple radio but I 34 have zero reservations admitting I dig it ImYellingTimber
Dart throw w Eli Apple tonight w Goodson out Whitehead is my other option.
Shure announces Bluetooth wireless earphones
Of course there will be Apple products here 
My goto snacking tip is Sargento cheese string cheese packed with 8 grams of protein and apple ad SargentoCrowd
im still sooo tired tbh im just waiting for apple music  spotify to release bts streaming records
Apple need to make more heart colors im running out of hearts
Happy iOS11 eve. apple
I have Apple Music but Im debating about paying for Spotify instead idk though.
I want a candy apple
CuddleWithCozy drop some music on Apple Music
I only just looked at the recipe no ine has ordered it yet and it turns out its just hot apple cider with cinnamon and... cherry syrup
KGI iPhone X eating iPhone 8 preorders LTE Apple Watch Series 3 demand stronger than expected
Apple juice
I also pray Eli Apple doesnt get cooked tonight with Janoris out
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Not showering everyday keeps uhm everybody away.
Im curious what will happen with Touch ID on the Mac now that Apple has said Face ID is the future.
Why Im buying Apple stock on the dips trader... See on What
Apple on Jones and DRC on Tate is still solid. Its not perfect but this D will still put us in a position to win
Will there be dual authentication options to go wfacial recognition to keep someone from holding the iPhone to your face to unlock it
http expansion.mxtecnologia201 70918losemmyvislumbranunfuturosombrioparalatelevision  Netflix Amazon y Apple buscan crear el nuevo Game of Thrones...
AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
Please RT thermomix recipe Apple Oat Slice
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch  iMore Prior to updating to iOS11 and watchOS4 read this.
tech technology mobilegeb Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X
Apple Augmented Reality Spending Exploding 11X To 36.4B in 2023 Greenlight Says. Read more
Apple s iPhone X Truly an Engineering Marvel Analyst Claims. Read more
This is wehy I hate it when people call you an Apple hater
Lycan Lounge Dinners 3 Polentacoated tilapia paired with arugula and herb salad with apple 
Did a goblin sell you this apple bc I think its from the Sunless Citadel
Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
You can also play a card from the Roman legion  swish with Apple cider vinegar. Vile but nukes a throat tickle like nothing elses
This woman harassed someone she doesnt even personally know in an Apple Store and thinks that makes her cool. It doesnt. You are creepy.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Anthony Boyd Graphics  Ceramic Apple Watch Series 3 Mockup
Foxconn who has been brought into question on human rights is Apple  is getting 3 billion in incentives to build here closer to the client
A5 B. The Apple AssassinsCreedOnStarMovies Contest
Boston Red Sox now said to have used a Fitbit in elaborate sign stealing ploy not Apple Watch
5 Apple pie Great pic cokencupcakes thank you applepie pie burlington oakville milton 
So. At work we started a new drink called a candied apple cider which we abbreviate to CAC... and yes its pronounced like kak
Apple pippin Cdi
This apple tastes like I cant afford a pizza
Why I think Apple botched the iPhone Xs notch  BGR
DionDoes TELL PizzaManTrent play me in madden for a fan vs YouTuber game winner has to drink apple cider vinegar JuiceHoops
FightForHotep Apple pie makes everything fucking better. 
i would pay like 100 for apple pie right now
Apocalypse now Ad biz cries foul over Apple s great AI cookie purge
If you ever catch me paying money to eat an apple and put it to my lips but now Im not so sure.
Haha. Idk comparing some things from Apple to Android I prefer the quality of Apple . Photovideo mostly.
. MerlinFDC4 loved the apple swan on FirstDates tonight. So cute creative 
Its on Apple Music too
Good Morning Gupta Ji No comparison with small countries. We are huge nation hence comparison should be  Apple to Apple 
true disappointment is coming home to my slow laptop after using the macbook at the apple store for an hour
whats a way to drink apple cider vinegar to settle your stomach without it being totally disgusting whilst drinking it
EVERYTHING in my phone just deleted. I am beyond pissed I wanna sue. I swear Apple is messing with all of...
Spelling check AppleSupport Apple 
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall
Mouthpocalypse 2017 ate a grape sour gummy bear and a green apple sour gummy bear at the same time
So DRC is going to have to move outside to cover Galloday Apple on Jones Tate boy hes gonna eat with Jenkins being out.
Apple finally dropped the u.s.
Also this phone is a must buy if you are in the Apple Eco System...despite what Android detractors have to say
Apple Pie Bites Recipe 
With iPhone 8 Apple s Silicon Gap widens as the new A11 Bionic obliterates top chips
The Apple Watch Series 3 is coming to the best network. Preorder yours now IamVZ
Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
Apple has sold 1.2 billion iPhones since it launched the first model 10 years ago which means the company has...
Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
Apple New Products Quality Analyst job  Chicago IL
Apple admits Face ID cant fully secure your sensitive data
U was my baby. My fukin cinnamon apple
Vegan Apple Zucchini Cannabis bread. The day continues get more and
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev furniture Apple 
RT AlvaradoMonica7 HoustonHCISD Instructional Tech Team is Apple Teacher Recognized Leading the way HCISDLibrar
Prolli burning ppl for apple gift cards
CANDY APPLE
Why Im ditching apple . Every update ruins my phone.
Ay who trying to buy this apple watch
TechCrunch AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
Apple New Products Quality Analyst job in Chicago IL  September 2017
unknown chemicals... one of the bottle clearly reads  apple cider. just take a fuckin whiff bro its obvious from a gd smell test
iPod Nano OS1.1.2 Nikeapp which is not longer at iTunes app store. Apple says i tunes is for media only now. So how do I keep my runs
Apple iPad
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Boy on swing with apple .
Its Time to Fade the Apple Inc.  AAPL Stock Earnings Rally
Apple cars that only work on Apple roads and with apple fuel.
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Every time I eat an apple I think about that first woman on earth who did not give a fuck
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall
Wow. Typical Apple under Tim Cook. This is seriously pathetic. FireTimCook
Anyone got a spare makenoisemusic sticker I can put over the Apple logo on my new laptop
Your anti Apple tweets are becoming a daily theme.
Mannnnn I got my pumpkin candle burning and Im going apple picking this weekend. Im fall ready yall.
Her is at 9 on Apple Music Lets get it into the top 5 BTStwt DNA BTSDNATODAY 
applewatch GREAT Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP062LLA 
. Apple DataMining Privacy Protections May Fall Short
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
CellBee 3 Pack Apple Certified Charger  Super Fast Charging  Thick Cord  3 ft1 meter
I didnt preorder Apple Watch Series 3 I like traditional timepieces but it looks totally awesome. Apple has a winner for sure.
Actually says  Apple Cider on the bottle. Known to treat tear gas and mace. Ya dummies.
Vimeo this on Apple tv is bullshit. weeks... 
iPhone 6 Charger3 Pack High Quality and Durable Original Cord for Apple iPhone 6 Charger..
EngadgetRed Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch Reports that the Boston Red Sox cheated in
Sat down with my brethern to chop it up about my album that is out now on Apple Music Bandcamp etc... Illisoul ...
Apple iPhone X vs iPhone 88plus The real difference
AR experts weigh in on why Apple and Googles play in AR are such a big deal TCDisrupt 
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Making apple butter with my dad. Tomorrow he is making apple crisp... he loves the fall like all dem basics out there mydadbebasic
Apple iPhone X vs iPhone 88plus The real difference
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold ATT Smartphone
CANDY APPLE
You can listen to my latest project and singles on Apple Music ATXHIPHOP
Im at Apple Royal Hawaiian in Honolulu HI
enjoy Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until later this year
a lot of old discontinued 3rd party apple apps will work on recent macs too. the last audion from 2001 might actually run on current osx
What Does Apple s Recent Developer Guidelines Update Mean for Event Apps
1125 and it has ears. You do you Apple . 
Looking at the most tryhard attempt to defend Apple lol
Ahnyas FEELING because shes been blasting our new song on Apple Music You can jam out to
Try the apple mint mojito kombucha Coffee Break on Yelp
Screw decorative gourds its getting excited about your favorite apple variety season.
Apple iPhone X  Release date Price and Amazing new Specs REVEALED
ipad is registered trademark of apple inc Blackberry Research In Motion Limite
MonitorsView  Apple thinks different  and the same  about the town square
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Classic Apple .
Sloppy Joes with potato chips and Apple sauce
 Bryson had his apple blueberry baby food  his warm bath  got lotion down with a back massage  a warm bottle now he slumped
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
AppleEDU RT AlvaradoMonica7 HoustonHCISD Instructional Tech Team is Apple Teacher Recognized Leading the way H
The iPhone X is an S6 with a worse screen. Getting the X is a downgrade from a two generation old phone.
obj is playing to bad jackrabit isnt. oh well at least the giants have drc and apple . Hopefully the offense gets better.
The one iPhone that wont break records for sales.
Apple s Venmolike money transfers will arrive after iOS 11
Yikes Apple you might want to review chart topping Live Wallpaper app. Seems to break ad policy is definitely poor experience. AppStore 
MTV your app is no longer working on Apple TV. All of the shows just play commercials.
I agree 100 Your adams apple is almost as big as your balls.
Apple shouldve releasedrevealed the iPhone 8 8 first get tons of money and then reveal the X for more money.
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch 
The one that looks just like an  Apple  and is eclipsed every September.
Now on another note... let discuss how these box braids are breaking my skin out. just used the apple cider vinegar and some Benadryl 
Scammers really aint got no limit  due really had my mom thinking she was on the phone wit Apple customer service
How Apple s Pricey New iPhone X Tests Economic Theory
DONKEY APPLE
I love Apple . I dont love 35 garbage cables.
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch 
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Full video
Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
how the fuck is god in an apple
Apple tv remote app.. come on rook
Official 1st tweet from an android device. 1st nonapple phone since the very 1st iphone RIPSTEVEJOBS Apple hasnt been the same since.
Apple juice is fucking lit
Well two things now. Apple Jacks and Key Lime Pie
It comes out tomorrow September 19 For some reason people are saying the 22nd. Apple always updates its system on September 19
original lays potatoe cips and apple arizona jÎÄice
 Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I was one of the last ones in my group to get a smart phone. I went with Apple just so I could have help learning it ICMKTG MSU3013
hey guys paying for ATC for Iphone X ITs GR Yeah so you wasted money GG niggas. call apple and ask if you dont believe nowyou
PSA apple cider vinegar is absolutely disgusting
But its still a first generation product  technology for Apple  so its really up to the buyer if they want to spend
if u fw green apple flavors I cant fw u
ahwtkrjxjdwbwjsj they changed the description of the album three whole times lmfaooooo yall had apple music STRESSING 
If youre an Apple Music user now you can BE MY FRIEND
I guess Perry is taking a bite of a large invisible apple 
Apple MoneyLions New Augumented Reality Feature on the New iPhone VIDEO. Read more
Apple MoneyLions New Augumented Reality Feature on the New iPhone VIDEO. Read more
My brotha got 4 unopened bottles of crown  Im finna confiscate one. 3 apple  1 regular
Give the hackers jobs at Apple . N some work for the government.
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Yeah theyre pretty big. Id say in my experience a grapfruit is about twice as big as an average apple
Bone apple teeth
ATGC went from Apple Tree Chewing Gum to Ass Tits Cocks Guys
Its like saying samsungs sold more phones than apple has sold Ipads not the IPhones just the Ipads
Postworkout snack Having 12 of this apple dipped into Elli Quark Sea Salt Caramel Only 2sp  themrskray eatclean smartpoints ww 
3 geriatric dolls together again I suddenly have desire to eat some old apple pie.
The HYPOCRITE apple doesnt fall far from family tree....youre empowering women  your daddy is using violence against women DISGUSTING
Been waiting for this moment Thank God I have Apple Music lol BTSALBUMTODAY BTSDNATODAY 
hes somewhere in Apple Valley off grid DrLutherSan timheidecker
BTStwt apple music philippines chart today LoveYourself wokeuptothis 
As a person who works on phones daily everything Apple is bringing phone wise has been released with the Samsung galaxy 8
With iPhone 8 Apple s Silicon Gap widens  A11 Bionic obliterates top chips from QualcommSamsung
It certainly sounds like Gina is also hanging out with a bad apple . 
NHL Can you please let me watch preseason games on the NHL app on Apple TV I can watch on my computer or tablet. Makes no sense.
Maybe I shouldnt buy an Apple Watch if its complicated... 
Its your mind working for Apple ..rsrs but ok it happens 
espn is still freezing on Apple TV. Junk.
I dont like New York but Im gonna visit Blair there and anytime we go anywhere Im gonna yell WOW THE BIG APPLE  in a country accent.
Apple of my Chai drinklocal farfromthetree salemmassachusetts 
Oh something to w Apple wow
You gotta pay for Apple music to share playlists. Thats hella wack.
I liked a YouTube video
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
applewatch Deal GREAT Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP062LLA
Has TV provider sign on on Apple TV worked for anyone... every... in history... on any app... ever
tailosivetech This is what I did with my school chromebook XD apple 
not sure whats courageous about covering a part of the full screen video with a little black mark Apple
Available Tuesday Pumpkin Apple  Sweet Potato  Brown Sugar  Pumpkin Coconut Pillars Jars Tins  Melts
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
I used to work at CVS I thought for years they would get on board with Apple Android Pay but nope.
AppleWatch Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch  Engadget
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
engadget Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Just apple
Apple TV competitor Roku hopes to raise as much as 252 million in IPO  Business Insider
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Dear Apple  The iPhone X and Face ID are Orwellian and Creepy by trentlapinski
We havent made any announcements regarding Apple Pay. Well communicate if there are any changes. Thanks.
WCX comes from Apple  Deutsche Bank  IBM. Decades experience building secure distributed massivevolume systems
Days After Rodeo is on Apple music.. except its titled Years after Rodeo ..still lit. 
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch tech
Of this one apple you totally have to find at your heirloom place. Its a long ridiculous name.
Thats apple cider vinegar and milk. Which protestors use to counter that tear gas and pepper spray YALL douse ppl in.
Not quite mini kitchen...but small enough for cuteness Mini apple pies. TheGemski 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple eh slow
My Apple Watch telling me to stand up while Im on the couch waiting for my baked brie to bake is just a total waste of my watches energy.
Good for you and well deserved my friend
Would it kill Apple to include a QWERTY keyboard one time
The personal Apple curated playlists on Apple Music never fail to make me happy. whatatimetobealive
No more spammy  malware scanners in the AppStore   other new rules from Apple 
I feel like my body is slowly shutting down. I had an apple today....
Black Apple  3D apple Personalized Apple  Book Apple  Handmade  
RT AlvaradoMonica7 HoustonHCISD Instructional Tech Team is Apple Teacher Recognized Leading the way HCISDLibraries jreyesHCISD 
Shoto placed his head underneath the other Shotos chin and looked up blinking curiously. The apple of your eye Huh... Sounds sweet. He
I get all the donuts  These are Lucky Donuts apple bacon fritters vancouver doughnuts 
Akwox Apple TV Remote Case  Tools and Toys
Just want a super cold and crunchy apple for this morning
Maine is always and will always be the apple of his eyes ALDUBKahitKailan
Top story Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until later this year
Hi. Leftie here. NOT being quiet at all. Yo.
Apple Watch Top 5 Health  Fitness Apps 
Apple Demand for OLED screen delays phones and other gadgets. Read more
Apple Demand for OLED screen delays phones and other gadgets. Read more
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Paul why did you call the temptation tree gumpy Was that your way to brainwash the other HG not to pick an apple .
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Top story Is Apple About to Accidentally Kill Government as Platform
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Does Rachel Maddow have an Adams apple on her neck in this picture Only men have an Adams apple .
every day apple is bob deniro in the van at the end of jackie brown and im sam jackson. you used to be beautiful. 
Vanilla pumpkin marshmallow  pumpkin apple
Tenth anniversary Apple iPhone X name revealed in leaked iOS 11 firmware
Toys R Us is going bankrupt because kids today get their toys from the Apple Store.
She ended up with a pot smoking husband in his youth and the same from the daughter who acts quite trashy as shown in videos. Apple Tree.
Meet the iPhone X  packed with features such as AugmentedReality . iPhoneX iPhone Apple
Apple shows off breathtaking new augmented reality demos on iPhone 8
RT ValaAfshar You know how many committees we have at Apple  Zero. We are organized like a startup. Steve Job 
Apple iPhone 6 64GB Space Gray  Verizon Wireless Price Display Retina HD display 1334by750pixel ... 
Poverty pimp is opening her hateful mouth once again. Anyone have an apple 
Ive bought all of the Apple Phones. Going to pass on the new one. 1000 is out of my budget.
I guess Farrell was telling the truth when he said its not an Apple Watch JaredCarrabis
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
you are the apple of my eye  
Apple s Face ID can be quickly disabled in an emergency  Help Net Security
Sen. Al Franken wants Apple to answer Face ID privacy concerns  CNET
LIVE on Periscope  Lets talk about the new iPhone X is it worth the money do you think its safe apple newphone
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch 
EnElMundo iPhone 8 iPhone X Apple TV y Apple Watch 3 todas las novedades del gigante.
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple Watch Killer Features
Nawwww the toe will say anything for attention.
I still think the Apple Watch is a waste of money until the day it has a built in projector and completely replaces the use of a phone
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV has watched Leah Remini Scientology and the Aftermath  The Rise of David Miscavige.
Apple friends how long before the iPad Pro gets a fancy new chip too
why cant i find the song Rock Bottom by Lil Wayne on Apple Music
Apple Watch Case Proboths Transparent Solid Protective Screen Protector Ultra Thin Case for iWatch 38MM Clear
Honestly a flip. So over this bs...... apple samsung etc GTFO
Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Space Gray Aluminium Case with Gray Sport Band GPS 
The New iPhones Apple s Strangely Wrongheaded Pivot
So we listen to it on the Apple music app right
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Thats a great picture of her. Hillary is pure evil along with Bill and Chelsea. That Chelsea apple didnt fall far from that evil tree.
Apple s new iPhone 8 and iPhone X support fastcharging IamVZ TechCrunch
Seriously inquiring minds want to know. How are your teeth so impossibly white Theyre blinding Thats a good thing BTW.
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Android developer trolls Apple by copying the iPhone Xs most noticeable feature It turns
Ive had to reset my phone like 7 times in the past 20 min thanks apple
I wish I bought more because this is a delightful apple that sadly also looks like the diseased nipple of a citycrushing kaiju.
Apple s Perfectionism Scarce Components and Will Cause iPhone X Shortages
Question apple cables 35 have more innovation value than the modems that power their smartphones make LTE data calls GPS etc work
AppleEDU RT AlvaradoMonica7 HoustonHCISD Instructional Tech Team is Apple Teacher Recognized Leading the way HC
And then and then they attacked me with APPLE CIDER VINEGAR
Worth the wait  you are one fine apple 
When streaming started...no bulky Super Bowl prole TV sets needed an Apple laptop is all you need to catch up on red weddings...
Casa Dorada Los Cabos Resort  Spa Honored with the 2017 Golden Apple Award 
anyway i just kicked a crab apple clear all the way across the street with my big meaty leg because im in love
yoooo i just made a bomb ass apple pie
Apple Air Phone NO.1 IS In Fashion
Apple Air Phone NO.1 IS In Fashion
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I swear everytime a new iPhone about to come out Apple start fucking up our phones
Apple is letting me beta iOS 11 sweeeeeet
Its in Apple radio so through iTunes. 
From Apple to roti to ice cream. My stomach never fails StrongGuts
Mmmm...French Brown Butter Apple Tart melts in your mouth just by saying those words appleseason brownbutter ...
Apple reveals iPhone X Face ID security feature that is VERY good news for anxious parents
With iPhone 8 Apple s Silicon Gap widens as the new A11 Bionic obliterates top chips from ...
you was my fuckin lover best friend cinnamon apple
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall Apple today confirmed that Apple Pay Cash will not launch with
MingChi Kuo Apple Watch Series 3 LTE models selling much faster than expected MacDailyNewsMacDailyNews
NowPlaying Beyonce  Formation CDQ on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
AppleNews Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall
Anyone on the bayou have an Apple Remote I can borrow for 5 minutes
With Apple now pushing wireless charging how soon do you think before they ditch the Lightning port on iPhones
Ive had both. No complaints on my current Android device.
Apple buck season
Apple thinks the young kids want no bezel. andre thinks the olds like it thick
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I liked a YouTube video
I have my Apple Watch on 90 of the time Im up. If you hit me and I dont respond Im just ignoring you
Do they have cinnamon The American habit of making every bloody apple pie taste of cinnamon was a huge disappointment when I got here.
This is another reason I got my MacBook pro. I havent had a virus in the 7 years since I made the switch to Apple products.
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Bungalow 55 This week Two soups Vegetarian Minestrone and New England Style Fish Chowder. Dessert is Apple Crisp and Zucchini Bread. Yum 
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Yeeeees. But we have shitty phones lmao. Our Samsung S8 shits on Apple 8
You know fall is here when your house smells like apple cider
Apple s iMessagebased mobile payments service wont be arriving tomorrow in iOS 11  TechCrunch
Being as apple user for erm 2 years from old model iphone I definitely agree wth ths. Not even a single lag eventhough its outdated
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Wait ACV The Big Apple Cider Vinegar with THE MOTHER now is antifa I fucking hate 2017 even more now I didnt think that was possible
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Apple s approach to privacy
Bare apple pie
NEW 2017 Apple 27 Retina 5K iMac 3.4GHz i5  32GB Ram  1TB FUSION  MNE92LLA
Its going slow ever since yalls apple event. Wassup with that fam I need my shit lightning speed fast ya feel me
Fuck UNO Apple just broke my heart
You know what you did
He must not be wearing his Apple Watch
Shenanigans Just FYI just because someone wrote  apple cider on the bottles doesnt mean thats whats actually in them. Could be pee.
Top 5 Ways the iPhone Has Influenced the World
Amazing collaboration Utah company teams with Apple to create its wireless chargers
L if you drink apple juice
I had an android once years ago and didnt like it. But now Apple is making syncing ios just as tough if not tougher. Major fail by Apple .
No Apple Pay. No Andriod Pay. And gotta have that damn awful CVS app instead of just using the operating system wallet app.
WOOOO LOOK AT THE APPLE PIE MY COUSIN BARB MADE.. FANTASTIC.... 
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I want that Rose Gold Apple Watch simply because of the color. I have no use for it though so I refuse to buy it
Your battery is on its last legs... do you have Apple Care
Im thinking foot fungus. Apple cider vinegar has so many positive applications.
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB GSM Unlocked 5.5 3D Touch iOS Smartphone
New Apple Watch
Literally says apple cider on the bottle
Apple s iMessagebased mobile payments service wont be arriving tomorrow in iOS 11
One time I had an heirloom Northern Spy in Vermont and it was so good compared to any other apple I have refused to eat apples ever since
With some apple juice
Come work at apple and get Vision Dental and full coverage with 10 prescriptions for 75 a month
if Eli Apple has a good game tonight in place of JackRabbit I buy this SteinerStoreNY steinersports 
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall
I did not know any of this. Can we derail the original post to be benefits and uses of apple cider instead
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET Apple s smartwatch was initially identified a
TREAT MASELF
Apple s new office will reflect Jobss desire to mimic the outdoors
apple comes on Apple be nice and let us get our iPhone 8 and 8 plus a day early or so dont make us wait till Friday
I liked a YouTube video
This actually happens...a student gave me an apple  Brookmede LoveBeingATeacher 
RealMonstaMook Rotten Apple monstamook rottenapple tony
Apple Music just put together a bomb playlist for me 
Jim Carrey  Apple s Face ID Will Lead To Totalitarian New World Order ..so right
Apple iPhone 6S Plus 32GB A1687 TMobile MN302LLA Space Gray
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
Grab a copy AMAZON
This is the best apple I have maybe ever eaten.
Hands on with Apple s iPhone X
Aye Jeff the new grill and some apple blossoms next time Im back from school Lemme know
Anyone want to buy my Apple Watch
MY FUCCIN CINNAMON APPLE
streaming hard on apple music BTStwt
I dont want an Apple computer no more I want a regular labtop
FatKidDeals any deals or shea moisture products  Or deals on 42 mm ML metal Apple bands  And yes I have prime .
Ed Catmull of Pixar on Steve Jobs Apple
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
But the Apple is more expensive than the others so you would pay more tax...its not rocket science friend. 
So lovely storytelling app parents children stories Twitter itunes apple
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone
So no real insight. Ive never been to any of them actually. I did enough apple picking when I was a kid
OMG he went Apple  Thats rightttt
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves  Interesting recap
Anytime my phone glitches I think Apple is doing it on purpose so I have to buy the new phone. apple appleiphone iphonecontrol
Id argue lack of empathy for others rather than privacy was Glass killer design problem. Subtle difference a mistake Apple wont make
How to Unlock Telus Koodo Apple iPhone 6 6S 6 Plus
Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until later this year
an apple pie with empire apples scoff... how barbaric.
I spent 25 minutes working out with Apple Health. 234 calories burned. LoseIt
Man apple is on that shit again tryin to get niggas into a new phone lol
I like apple pie. But not apple cake honey cake honey sticks or kugel.
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MC769LLA for 88.00 with 29d 23h via eBay
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi  3G ATT 9.7in  Black MC982LLA for 88.99 with 29d 23h via eBay
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black for 87.00 with 29d 23h via eBay
New on Ebay for the United States Imac APPLE A1419 iMac Late 2012 27 core i7 3.4GHz 8GB RAM 1TB HDD OS X EL Ca
I love apple crisp
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Hello goodmorning buenosdias bonjour buongiorno gutenmorgen   monday apple photooftheday autumn 
This is the Devils apple .
SammySam775 if I had a friggin Apple Id make this right now 
10 things to know about Apple s new iPhone X  Journal of Accountancy
I am in an Apple Store in Pentagon City. I feel suicidal
Apple MacBook Air Mid 2012 13 1.8GHz i5 4GB 128GB MD231LLA
BTS  Love Yourself Her on the 1 place on Apple Music Albums Top Charts congratulations 
 that extends your actual hardware warranty for 2 years meaning apple takes a loss on any replacement device you receive that is defective
I just want an Apple  Apple Watch with a dab of ranch...
Apple taking an immense risk with user data thanks to poor implementation of differential privacy say academic... 
That thing where you realize youve been accidentally paying for apple music for months because its connected to an alternate email.
Its just apple jack
Apple is seeking engineers with a psychology background so Siri sounds more compassionate. ai machineswithbrains
Im convinced ARKit is the trojan horse to get more developers doing AR stuff for Apple so when they do announce glasses a lot of apps ready
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Just went off on snap gblueblooded. Apple needs a HUGE game 2nite. Flowers vs Ansah. And the FreeDarkwa movement. Its all there. Giants
The new player captured a moment after biting the apple of knowledge. 
Ah so the Apple TV remote just needs to add a front sensor housing.
Hey No apple shaming. I wont stand for it.
A sampling of the 2017 Mendocino County Fair and Apple Show
Hmm.. Some co.s learn. Apple made one mistake like that  and Jobs never forgot the lesson hence the cash accum partly
RT if your favorite was the apple
Aakef buying something apple related
Or send a message through an Apple Watch
With the two I had Apple really treated it all as a new computer and not used.
FUCK SOUR APPLE
Apple s security is so dahm good that I cant unblock the card that they blocked without telling me....
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
That heirloom apple will look pretty nasty by the time you pass it on to your kids.
Oh yeah like Pen Pineapple Apple Pen.
10 Delicious  Easy Apple Desserts
. GeneSimmons nails why Apple will likely remain a juggernaut company  investment for some time
Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until later this year by Karissa Bell via Mashable
This critique of Apple s inconsistencies in iOS11 is be required reading for anyone who wants to learn better design
25 Off everything in my shop thru 918
Why do people do that thing where they eat an apple with a knife You dont need utensils. Its AN APPLE .
Regular Aztec clay with apple cider vinegar add a little aloe Vera and bam
I will never understand how this woman can mix together apple or orange juice
Heat heat go away. Fall is here this week so gimme some cool apple picking flannel wearing crochet a cute capelet sort of weather
If there was one thing I learnt when I was young it was how to cut an apple
OMG  Caramel Apple Crack Is Dangerously Good
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
BTSContentIndex has a calendar of BTSs events that can sync with your own Apple or Google calendar. I just downloaded it and love it.
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Apple glazed pork fillet Recipe  Food Pam Food Recipes collections
not saying thats what Im talking about but if I had to choose.... Apple pie
When you think you grabbed a really good apple but upon closer inspection its kind of a shitty apple 
Now just waiting for the shuttle bus to leave for the windy apple
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch  If youre looking to move your health data from an ol...
TMobile been an og member since 2002. What type of deal will you provide me on the X Current droid user considering switching to apple .
Apple why did you mess up my phone
I am not sure how this is supposed to protect an Apple Watch
Pack of 3  Apple MFI Certified Lightning Cable 6.6 ft2M Nylon Braided USB Cord Charger with..
Did Eve offer the apple to Adam because Hillary
Apple Pay Cash wont be available in iOS 11 until later this fall
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Pi can wirelessly charge your phone from a short distance  Despite Apple finally releasing phones with wireles...
Try This Amazing Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie 
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Pi can wirelessly charge your phone from a short distance  Despite Apple finally releasing phones with wireles...
About Apple compatible Thunderbolt devices for Mac 
Put it on my apple playlist before Apple Music became a thing so it was grandfathered into my playlist my condolences
Finally got my wax melter from home so now my apartment is going to smell like apple cider and sexiness
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET by Steven Musil via CNET News
Sympathy we got stung for two new iPhones. Both daughters 5Ss batteries started miss behaving. Built in obsolescence is an Apple trademark
Apple Pay Cash Not Arriving Until Later This Fall...
Apple sells 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Pluses
Latest TUAW News Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6 64GB Space Grey Refurbished Grade B at 288.00 on O2 R...
Nope. Punching nazis is as American as apple pie. It is to be encouraged and celebrated. PunchANazi
What is homemade and comes in these flavors strawberry blueberry apple  tropical maple sugar free maple
Every Major Advertising Group Is Blasting Apple for Blocking Cookies in the Safari Browser
Apple s Animoji Will Teach You To Love Face Tracking
What about touching the home button twice to pull down the screen for easy reaching the top of the screen in iPhoneX  Apple iPhone IOS
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Mobile What is Apple Pay Cash and how does it work  Apple will so
Bravo One were taking fire from an American drone over. EXECUTIVE rt rtravel fridayfeeling success apple
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
New post Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Apple has a surprisingly wide range of iPhones for all types of people right now  Business Insider Singapore  
Apple s iMessagebased mobile payments service wont be arriving tomorrow in iOS 11
Nope. I take care of my phones. Never had a problem with Apple
60 Second Insight from Putnam Changes in Apple s business model may allow them to grow even more.
Caramel apple suckers are the best 
RT engadget  Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Apple Pay Cash wont be available in iOS 11 until later this fall  Digital Trends
Apple Watch Repair Dubai. Call us 971 557503724 for best repair services. Visit here 
Coconut bakes with cheese with golden apple juice
Is that a cake apple or a yeast apple 
Rosh Hashana is just around the corner Heres a great instructional video on how to dip your apple in honey....
Apple  consumers I want mega  for everything Consumers ermm... OK.. 
HOW DOES AN EATEN APPLE LOOK LIKE A FLOWER
I cant tell if thats an apple or an everything bagel
People unlock iPhones an average of 80x a day per Apple .
Nakagawa et al.Xband EPR of stable organic radicals present under cold stratification in Fuji apple seeds J Oleo Sci in press 2017
MURDEROUS APPLE 
Apple iOS 11 is arriving tomorrow here are your official release notes. Read more
Custom airpods case. Having fun creating. dblyz apple
my sister you have a flower me a flOWer my sister oh thats an apple me me 
I wanna try the Apple cider vinegar next time
RedSox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
I mean look at it. It is an abyss. It looks sickly. Its skin is literally crusty. You could exfoliate with this apple . heirloomapple 
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
Fuck apple for making every port on the mac book pro damn USB type C
Apple Another attempt was made shortly after from a Midwest city. Then got a phishing email that linked to page that looked exactly like
... No they arent. And Google Apple Amazon are not monopolies
Red Sox reportedly cheated with a Fitbit not an Apple Watch
that iPhone 8plus and that Apple Watch is MINE
You dont think calling an apple a potato is appropriately deprecating
They arent even selling the 2 on the Apple website anymore. I was gonna buy it off offerup but i think im gonna treat myself to the 3
foxnews is not conservative or news. it is propaganda and phlegm. why does apple permit that tripe in the news app
And Apple inc was first a computer manufacturer
Bitch are you dumb that means apple cider vinegar for the mask
Bone apple tea
VanossGaming H2ODelirious MiniLaddd fourzer0seven pewdiepie DaithiDeNogla my work at the Apple Store is complete  
Best iPad Apps  Complete List has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and Games 
put High Road back on Apple Music
My phone on some bullshit. Apple better stop playin with me
iPhone Xs Components May Cost Apple Nearly 600  Fortune
Apple announces iPhone 8 8 plus X ten Apple Watch 3
Its not boring The black has little colour thread inside it. Look at a blown up shot on the Apple store page
Side AB on soundcloud 9pm. Apple Music Tidal  Spotify Oct. 6th. Mean Time  The Basement prod by RONBROWZ
Manchester likes Apple Pay too much ahah
interesting but how many people use safari vs other browsers is6621
my secret shame I highkey love the smell of apple cider vinegar
im addicted to drinking apple cider vinegar i SWEAR IT MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE
The apple  whose name is Gabe is telling the same joke he trots out at every one of these sodding staff parties.
NowPlaying Dirty Water Ocean  Green Apple Quick Step
Apple Im in California what time will the update be available to iOS 11
Agreed. This cable is different though  its not a passive one  it has circuitry and needs licensing from Apple which they havent granted
Theres never been a person whos gone apple picking that doesnt have an Instagram account  PFTCommenter Thats gold.
Apple provides allows Ad blocker for Safari.
Dont try to pass your weird shaped poppy seed donut as an  apple 
After 10 years of Apple  Ill be switching over to Googles devices. I need a change 
What Is Apple s ARKit Everything You Need to Know
Dont forget your iPhone is made in the same country same conditions and same children. I bet Apple employs more child labor
Anyone remeber those job proof phones or even the durribility of nokia... apple needs to get on that level if they wanna chage 999
Apple Music
NEEDS MEDICAL CARE ASAP CANDY APPLE  A1125111
Gotta get the new Apple TV. Its so much better in every way.
Apple iPhone 6S Plus 32GB A1687 TMobile MN302LLA Space Gray
Tech YouTuber Parody  Samsung Vs Apple iPhone
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Top story Linux and Open Source Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until
Apple iPhoneX Apple Minecraft PlanetMinecraft I made a iPhone Xand you dont have to wait for October 
And with all the money youd have from your full paycheque you would buy whichever one you wanted. Want the Apple  pay more tax.
Apple Picking 
Say hello to Apple Macintosh it smiles at you. Say hello to Apple Macintosh
Am I the only one that likes apple soda 
How do we know Apple hasnt been testing facial recognition on currentgen phones without our knowledge
Chinese products then
Luxury Glitter Star Liquid Back Phone Case Cover For Apple iPhone 6S 6 PLUS
Please RT thermomix recipe Apple Oat Slice
My dumb ass used apple pay and forgot to get 20 off 
This week Ive harvested and bottledpreserved beets apple sauce apple leather apple slices apple pie filling spiced pears pear butte
Joke for you okay so apple made the iPhone 7 the iPhone 8 and iPhone X... why didnt they make 9 Because 7 8 9 duh like ate it
Apple always does this so that you get the new one
Luxury Glitter Star Liquid Back Phone Case Cover For Apple
Upload on Apple Music please
Im about this close to buying an Apple Watch and I need your help
Yooo I get my Apple Music for half off now with the student discount
NEW SINGLE NOW ON APPLE MUSIC
Meet Apple IPhone 8 IPhone 8 plus and IPhone X
Apple could tell me the new iPhone is just a piece of glass that doesnt actually do anything and Id still probably buy it
Put it on Apple Music.
honestly your kid sucks. apple doesnt fall far from the tree huh other guy cheers this guy gets it
Isnt Apple a little too....worldly
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
AppleSupport Hey I just wanted to say that i am pretty disappointed in Apple s app store right now. I downloaded a game for my 7yo cont
CIOs ask not what Apple s iPhone X can do today but what comes next
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Went to the Apple Store today and found out my battery is gone in my phone
I liked a YouTube video
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Naw they have a little more flavor that Apple Jacks
The only phone in that pic which claims us humans are addicted to is Apple . Longevity can be built on such assumptions
SHIT ELI APPLE AND CALVIN MUNSON ARE TWO HUGE LIABILITIES ON DEFENSE FUUUUCK
I appreciate that but it just up and dying after less than a year means Ill probably chuck it and buy an Apple .
Apple  Had tech ask for my user ID I recited it and within two hours my user ID was being used on the east coast. Coincidence 12
It does for me My wrists were getting sore after a full day at work on the Apple keyboard so Im glad I switched.
Hes never seen any apple
energy 10 best smartphones Samsung Galaxy Note 8 still trumps Apple iPhone X Apple recently announced the new
Apple Watch Series 3 Demand outstrips supply Philip ElmerDeWitt Apple 3.0  Philip ElmerDeWitt
10 best smartphones Samsung Galaxy Note 8 still trumps Apple iPhone X Apple recently announced the new 2017
Apple Watch Series 3 Demand outstrips supply Philip ElmerDeWitt Apple 3.0  Philip ElmerDeWitt
Eat an apple and remember who tf you are
BRING BACK APPLE YOU DEVILS BOTTLED LIGHTNING AND YOURE JUST THROWING IT AWAY 
ye i have no problem with their products ive always had apple stuff. Its just too many issues came all ofAsudden
nah i gave the cashiers a shot  the rest is here. havent made the drink yet but its good with apple juice lol
Go Apple ARKit
what took you so long you dont got Apple Music 
Red Sox May Have Used Fitbit Not apple Watch To Steal Signs  CNET...
Kate Spade Wellesley Quinn Apple Green Leather Tote Bag 
I got my sister an Apple Watch as a gift she does not like it went to take it back and was told no because I was 3 days over the 15 days
For sure. The only thing Im worried about is it screwing up. It totally failed during Apple s keynote presentation. It might be glitchy.
Z IS BACK ON APPLE MUSIC sza  THANK YOU BIH
Also. Hi Apple UI. That bubble disconnected quick settings screen Fucking yuck.
Apple pie. No question.
I work Friday Saturday Sunday but Im off at 3 on saturday lets find out what time the apple orchards close and gooo
no because they put music festivals on there and they have better playlists than Apple
The Keto Diet Podcast by Leanne Vogel on Apple Podcasts
Do they taste kinda like Apple Jacks
shuffles once apple musics tryna tell me something... 
my phone battery has gotten significantly worse in the past week since the new iphones were announced is this an apple conspiracy
I dub it the PEPPERSCRUBBED APPLE
ill put a pot of espresso on and get the bag of sour green apple starbursts
Tate gunna cook apple
Fit at least knows its market. Apple is focusing on the buggy whip market watches with a one size fits all. Fit has pricing  variety.
Forcing city governments to promote private tech companies is just wrong. Apple  timcook  make it stop. cities tech civictech
Todays the day Rokos Basilisk is available on Spotify iTunes Apple Music and everywhere
The Apple 2017 Apple iphone Function Dwell Blog site
Great considering Witten also destroyed Apple and overall Apple gave up over 100 yards
Kasperskys Competitors Are Using The USs Ban As A Selling Point has been published on Latest News on Apple ... 
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET Apple s smartwatch was initially identified...
Ive had several people come up and ask me what Im using to live draw during my workshops. Its Keynote on iPad Pro  Apple Pencil.
Apple s 2017 iPhone event How to watch
Apple Pay peertopeer feature will come later this fall  CNET
Ive tried the apple and theyre pretty decent
Went to Whole Foods yesterday and that place needs to lower their prices. The fuck you thinking 3 for an apple  Get that shit outta here
ITMatters  Apple announces iPhone 8 8 plus X ten Apple Watch 3
The Apple 2017 Apple iphone Function Dwell Blog site
its 2017 why isnt FaceTime more than 2 way Apple
Too exspnive for a phone that has only just cought up with android shame no ground breaking new innovation.
Apple  image Also Apple  BUY THE IPHONE X OCTOBER 27th FOR 1000 USD
unknown chemicals MY ASS IT FUCKING SAYS APPLE CIDER ON THE SPRAY BOTTLE
Apple s version of Venmo wont be ready until later this year
I gave my daughter a slice of apple and my son a slice a potato. I told them this was the best apple I ever had . dadjokes 
Ayyyee Z is back on Apple Music.
its still going at 1. If theres anything Apple products are good for its music hint hint bring back the ipod shuffle
Apple s iMessagebased mobile payments service wont be arriving tomorrow in iOS 11
My iPhone has been tweaking all week like wyd Apple
Got an old Apple phone or tablet that now runs like a wounded dog Heres a linux port called QMole
Apple already phucking up my phone for this release
tech news Apple s iMessagebased
I asked the guy at ATT why apple skipped the iPhone 9 and he said cause 7 ATE 9 and I havent laughed harder at a joke in my lifetime
Apple s been scamming ppl and Im still willingly letting them scam me since like 2008
right I gotta whole mfn APPLE PHONE 
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Apple Drops The Price of iPhone SE To 349  Cheapest On The Market
petertonagh when is Foxtel Now coming to Apple TV  tvOS
Its our night off from Apple but we will be back tomorrow at the West Village Theatre. Show starts at 730
Google Memory Hole Gab Dropped From GooglePlayStore Hey Apple Apple We want getongab app in ios Store
cnet Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Just wanted to let you know before everyone goes Ape h1t after Apple releases the update.
apple  to stand apart from competition we strive to make our mice as frustratingly uncooperative and inoperable as we can manage. fuck you
Probablyyy let go apple pickingg
Make that transition to Apple Music. Itd make my playlist navigating easier
Apple iPhone 7 Plus great condition  128GB  Silver
Apple Music too
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Best Apple Watch accessories Protect and personalise your watch
Retweet Apple defends action against pervasive ad tracking in Safari 11 by ginnymarvin
YOU WAS MY BABY MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE 
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
did you see Samsungs reply to the Apple iPhone announcement...
Apple iPhone 8 Demand Isnt Looking So Hot Signs Show  AAPL
They need to pay Apple s hefty licensing fee.
Top story Is Apple About to Accidentally Kill Government as Platform
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET  CNET News
Apple products not inspiring.
Kopie von Apple Watch GOLD Edition 24K by fruittune
GENIE is on spotify  apple music 
That says nothing about the apple watch series 3
Apple s new iPhones will kick off the mainstreaming of AugmentedReality
Get an Apple TV u poor
http goo.glCQryvf Apple to Open Spacious New Store at Century City in Los Angeles as
Apple s new iPhones will kick off the mainstreaming of AugmentedReality
Apple s new iPhones will kick off the mainstreaming of AugmentedReality
Danish Bread with Apple and Pistachios 
Pi can wirelessly charge your phone from a short distance Despite Apple finally releasing phones with wireless
Apple
Apple raises prices for iPhone screen replacements by 20  The Verge
Auston Apple Mathews theAppleiscauseheiswearingthe A TMLtalk
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Apple Jacks is worse... who eats orange  green cereal
Apple raises prices for iPhone screen replacements by 20
Apple just said fuck innovation cause these idiots gon buy it anyway.
Apple went downhill since Steves death asume everybody agrees right
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Minute Maid is being replaced by Honest Kids Organic juice also owned by Coca Cola. It is 42 apple juice.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple Watch Series 3 Demand Higher Than Expected as iPhone X Anticipation Cannibalizes iPhone 8
I also hit the period instead of space almost every time but I think thats a common thing.
Thats why Im kinda critical about Apple . Theres too much of a ok this is fine product undertone. Its minute. I know. But its how I feel
Dont forget to backup your iOS today . Tomorrow will be release a new version iOS11 for iphone5 and above update apple
Ghetto Hymns Available Via ITunes Apple Music GenesisBaaby
That apple OS tho
Apple Support Number help for UK Client
Wow I love when my battery doesnt chargeApple
Thrilled to say my Graeme Goodings  Friends podcasts are now available on iTunes Apple Podcasts
weeknightdinner  walking tacos with homemade apple Sloppy Joe mix and salsa. Paired with
Hey suncorpbank just wondering if you will be introducing Apple Pay any time soon You seemed hopeful about a year ago
Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Gold via eBay
Dont forget the Hitler emoji for racist and islamophobic Nazis
http amzn.to2lVctII Apple iPhone 6S 64 GB UK SIMFree Smartphone  Silver Certified Refurbishedby Apple 36Date first available at  
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic
iOS 11 official launch on 19th September Are you ready for another improved UX iOS11 apple 
Sparkly pink blue mosaic glitter sparkles apple watch band
I challenge KDTrey5 LetItFlyChallenge let it fly Apple Music or spotify 
Cena sr is an ass Hes the assey tree that produced an even assier apple 
Apple Pay Cash Delayed Release Set For This Fall
I liked a YouTube video
I want a Apple Watch honestly
Are you going apple picking with your kids Head to out Facebook page for the chance to WIN the
PS Apple  I have small fingers. Look into it fools.
First look Handson with Apple s iPhone X
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I enjoy apple picking 
Buy Apple iPad Pro 9.7 256GB WifiCellular Grey MLQ62 intl online at Lazada Philippines. .
stream EXO  EXOPOWER weareoneEXO its also important in apple musicik its the eve
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
If you buy an iPhone 8 or X or any other Apple device so equipped beware of enabling FaceID
Lets be sure both devices are signed in with the exact same Apple ID email address. Let us know if this helps via DM
Apple
MonitorsView  Apple thinks different  and the same  about the town square
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET 
iOS 11 The 11 best features of Apple s new software
When will highly intoxicated be on Apple Music
Right because they wouldnt fill it with urine or acid and label it  apple cider. You can try to use your brain.
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
What have u done Androids and Apple Sheep 
Busy day in pre k Counting buttons with Pete the cat exploring the apple tub and showing Mrs. Pryor how to whittle. 
That shit acting up because the new phone coming out
My mom just told me to eat a apple what how 
Hey CommBank just wondering how its going with Apple Pay Have you lost enough customers yet
Everyday essentials Apple team 
i just thought of michael saying an apple a day keeps the mother fucking doctor away hdjfkdkfk
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
iOS 11 The 11 best features of Apple s new software
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Gluten Free UpsideDown Apple Pie
Having Jones or Golladay going up against Ross Cockrell is certainly more appealing Tha. Having them go against Jenkins or Apple
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch
PRICELIST ITUNES IOS ONLY NOT FOR ANDROID SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE 
Right next one Im getting apple care this is a ripoff
I somehow believe hed be horrified by CEO Tim Cook  Apple s current extravagance and boorish display of wealth
I mean I have 2500 kids in my school YOU THINK I HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THAT APPLE STORAGE
FunFact  CPAC is available on our free app CPAC TV 2 GO available in the Apple AppStore  GooglePlay Store cpac25
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple Cider Hot Toddy with Brown Butter...
Apple why are your only apple support options phone call options homegirl doesnt have service but homegirl needs help.
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Had such a fun time apple picking today at Bowman Orchards even though it was 83 So nice to
iPhone X y todas las novedades de Apple desde el Steve Jobs Theater
Apple why isnt this man an emoji 
dankestmemestealer Us we want more durable chargers Apple  we have new animojis and face ID And...
Caramel Apple Slices  Wilton
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
Detroit farmers market boycotts local apple orchard owner for believing in Christianity
How to watch the Apple iPhone 7 event on iOS Mac Windows Android and more
Dude even I have two earphones. One apple s white earpods and the other is a yellow earphone. Does that makes me not me
Interview Apple s Craig Federighi answers some burning questions about Face ID
i have a apple
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET Apple s smartwatch
I gave in to this Apple Music trial and I havent regretted it
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch iMore
Apple Watch Sport Loop an up close look at the new Midnight Blue band iMore
The V series has a QUAD dac set up. I mean....theres no way a company with an audio imprint  Apple  shouldnt be doing that.
Forgetting your Apple ID password is the worst thing ever
iOS 11 The 11 best features of Apple s new software
iphone Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Gold Factory Unlocked Smartphone GSM Worldwide
Selena has now worked with Puma Apple  Coach Adidas Neo Beats Louis Vuitton Coca Cola Pantene  Verizon 
some ppls samsungs did blow up and they still never bought an apple ....so to you i say PROVE
Wanting to grab the penalty off cavani showing this bad apple truly wanna go for personal glory. We on your side Vamos Cavani
when you protect the design as Apple does it leaves less time to manufacture. Initial sales gives intel on future forecasts.
DANG IT APPLE I JUST WANT TO BE ABLE TO CHARGE MY PHONE AND LISTEN TO MUSIC IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR
The worm was the one who named the Apple red delicious
Apple announces iPhone 8 8 plus X ten Apple Watch 3  David Papp  your tech expert
Apple is everywhere but Android is power BCM206
Apple raises prices for iPhone screen replacements by 20 via rgadgets
Probably apple cider vineager. For when you mace somebody. Somebody was thinking ahead and even labeled it. Was the other one milk
Green Apple Lemon 
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET Apple s smartwatch
Banana.. pineapple.. grapes... Apple ..
Mmmhmm. I was JUST going off about this. How has Apple not run usability tests on this You and I cant be the only ones.
My 8 plus better be at my doorstep on Friday or UPS getting aired out and Apple lol
0.88 JFiphone7 Tripoint 0.6 Part Screwdriver for iPhone 7  7 Plus  Apple WatchOrange
People are using Siri as a therapist so Apple is seeking engineers who understand psychology
Apple defends action against pervasive ad tracking in Safari 11 by ginnymarvin
remote app or swing for the lifechanging apple tv 4 or whatever the fuck version theyre on. using siri is a gamechanger
hi i had a nap  then I made an apple pie
i just got a pair of new apple headphones i....nut
2 PACK  Beond Apple  Cinnamon Bar  18 X 35g  2 PACK  SUPER SAVER  SAVE
If you LONG male jaw structure can hide your Adams apple  you may not be a redneck but you are definitely a MAN
Nope just trying to win the Apple Watch they are giving away at Utah js haha
How to save and back up your Health data on Apple Watch 
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Things Ive learned in the last 24 hours 1. My Apple Watch is shipping. 2. Sean Spicer has a sense of humor. 3. Dont fuck with squirrels.
JonGaled Happy Apple day 
You know how many committees we have at Apple  Zero. We are organized like a startup. Steve Jobs via AngelList 
You wont get cellular but it will remain connected to Bluetooth and function as it does presently.
Apple notes with a smooth finish.  Drinking a Brattlebeer by brattlebeer Hermit Thrush Brewery 
If your app currently hides the status bar reconsider that decision on iPhone X.  Apple
My recently added playlist on Apple Music goes hard
LRT You can still pay for stuff on iTunes...I thought everyone just paid for Apple Music
since I cant think of anything else Ill just give you my apple playlist as an early gift
Me trying to get out of the Apple world BCM206 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac NEW APPLE IMAC 21.5 RETINA 4K 3.3GHZ i7 16GB 1TB Z0RS A1418
Hey TMobile JohnLegere rather than doing 300 off how about paying for the new iPhone 24 months and giving a free Apple Watch
New Apple software could be huge for taking augmented reality mainstream  CNBC
Apple Subitizing Video FAST VERSION
Lets hope Eli Apple mature since week 1
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
the apple store always has the cutest employees
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs  CNET
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
Id like to see an actual example of the magical technology that would enable Apple to remove the notch next year.
I think Apple mitigated that issue for the most part at least for a lot longer than usual. I explain here
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
i love apple juice
Limited Edition Gold Crystal iPhone 7 apple iphone7 gold crystal 
First apple crisp of the year
Vinny having some fun at the Apple store. Apple OldOrchard Technology Westfield Old Orchard
uhm so the iPhone X wont be fully in stock until mid2018... youre joking right apple 
A brief recent history of Apple s product swerves
First look Handson with Apple s iPhone X  AppleInsider press release blog
Have you tried Facebox Its state of the art and I think already has brought facialrecognition to the mainstream.
Quite possible kiddo. I will however trust in my own abilities and attempt to better my condition without begging or whining about fairness
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Check it out
thank god my playlist disappeared for two days off apple music and just came back
This is why you need to stop buying Apple products They arent worthy
even the frikkin apple music app 
FOR SALE Apple Watch 42mm 1st Gen A1554
Can Apple just release iOS 11 nowwwwwwwww
Speaking  Mrs. GREEN APPLE 
How Can Apple Remain on Top
If you havent heard already iOS 11 will be released tomorrow. Apple
Whats yall favorite Apple Music station
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
Calvin Klein Mens 2 Pack Steel Micro Boxer Brief Cobalt WaterTart Apple Stripe Large
why does apple have no tweets 
Tidal fixed their layout which all they needed... playlists and music festivals killing Apple Music
Deathnote Pen Pineapple Apple pen deathnote
Where can you go apple picking near Reno  Fallactivities bakingonthebrain
omfg i cant get bts new album cause my mom cant update our apple music accs things r jus going great
Would someone find the Apple Watches in the redsox dugout We need some hits
Time for Apple Music
Apple Iphone 5 16 Gb Smartphone Rose Gold
I would but apple arent supporting on O2 yet. Seems strange considering O2 was once apples preferred network partner.
Apple Iphone 5 16 Gb Smartphone Rose Gold
Snapple apple is
Apple s 2017 iPhones suggest fast charging
Eli Apple needs to ball today
Red Sox may have used Fitbit not Apple Watch to steal signs
Once everybody knew that Apple was giving them shitty ass charging cables just to nickel  dime them and was still cool with it that was it
I liked a YouTube video
A lot of people dont know you can make a wish upon a fish happyclownsighting whirlietheclown . First5LA . Apple
Maybe apple could explain the coincidence between the new iPhone launching and mine completely shitting the bed
Apple is crazy if they think people will pay 1000 for a phone Voted JustNotWorthIt on TheTylt .
So there is going to be a iphone 9 right.......................................right
Nice
 Apple Mac Pro MB871LLA Desktop OLD VERSION for 550.00 via amazon
Apple s new iPhone models are about to be released here are the new iOS developer features you need to know
Lol its all that Apple bloatware.
introduced 3d touch app switching for iPhoneX then remove this features from all another iPhone in ios11 nice job apple
Isnt it function function to activate dictation via Apple keyboard It is on a Mac.
My biggest question right now is ... why arent the Jonas Brothers on Apple Music 
A new retro Red Beat Album will be released on October the 24th 2017 via Apple Music iTunes and as a Physical CD.
weird the apple maps version of single hand zoom is inverted compared to google. why cant things just be easy
Apple IOS 11 is pretty good on my iPad so far appleios11
Come on Apple  I want animojis on my iPhone 7 not files and Apple TV. iOS11 iPhoneX
If your cable modem is 123 Mbps or slower 802.11ac WiFi can definitely keep up with it. Im glad I bought an Apple Time Capsule router.
Apple TV app
Ehh idk if I wanna update now
Apple blew it wit the screen recording on iOS 11 aint nobody getting away on shit nomore
BMACadelic how long did it take for your apple watch to update
Is the rest of the world having trouble sending iMessages while everyone is upgrading to ios11  Apple GettingTooBigToFail
This was Apple musics description when the album came out i was ready to pick a fight 
Kinda want an apple watch
snapple apple go hard 2
Apple MacBook MJY42LLA 12Inch Laptop with Retina Display Space Gray 512...
If you cant stream on spotify then stream DNA on Youtube and Apple Music LETS CHART ON HOT100
Apple CHEERY Kisses
Its ridiculous how its been happening since iOS 7 all we want is iOS to be iOS again. The smooth  polished  attention to detail it was
170920 Apple Music Japan DNA 3 songs Her 1 albums
Brakkabadoom you obviously have not seen the A11 benchmarks. It blows away its competitors. Apple is years ahead in CPUGPU.
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA APPL
Should I switch from Spotify to Apple Music
Ad Groups Bash Apple s New NoTracking Settings 
Thanks Apple  Real estate apps just got a huge AR boost
Guys apply to this U of Iowa job on the wiki so we can hang out next year. I will bake you cakes and we can go apple picking.
iOS11release iOS11 the best apple upudo far.
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA
yep all props to china and its different device landscape to keep QR around and force apple s reluctant hand
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
tech technology mobilegeb Apple s A11 processor may be a beast leaked record benchmarks sug
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA
Maybe i dont wanna setup apple pay ...
Apple Music.
Space out to my 2nd single Another Planet now streaming on Spotify Apple Music Tidal
Looks like even an outstanding team like Dodgers were cant overcome a bad mediocre apple getting inserted into lineup.
ios 11 is gorgeous. Apple did that.
Apple to build Iowa data center get 207.8 million in incentives
9 iPad Pro apps that make the most of Apple Pencil webdesign
if there was a god we wouldnt be in this situation. bc wed not be fallen sinners bc of an apple  a talking snake. bc thts ABSURD
AppleSupport my phone is slow as hell because of the new update. Thanks apple
Get in the fall spirit with these melt in your mouth caramel apple truffle cake balls ad
Apple on some bullshit
Tesla is a high risk stock. If you want something more stable I recommend Apple or Microsoft
Apple releases iOS 11 watchOS 4 and tvOS 11
Apple fix urself 
Quit the shit about Wales from someone who wouldnt entertain Apple
We checked out Dimond Farm which had the cutest pumpkins see the one I chose   apple cider donuts...
Apple knew what they were doing when you can take live photos while ft lmaoao
Woolworths  Apple Alliance Set To Increase Digital Wallet Use In Oz
Apple there MUST be a way to turn off the rows of apps at the bottom of text messages for folks who dont want that there. cc GerardoZ
stlcountypd try harder w your propaganda efforts. Hamfisted. Apple cider vinegar treats exposure to tear gas that YOU fired stlprotest
apple is becoming more and more like a android
All the shit apples just coming out with androids been done that for yrs now try n keep up
Updating to iPhone 7 Plus Apple s iOS 11 please stand by  Apple iOS11
Apple Wish you would have kept the Rose Gold on the new phones
Apple Pay Cash to Arrive With Future Update to iOS 11 watchOS 4
Shawty had them Apple Bottom Jeans boots with the furrrrr
Apple iOS 11 Rolls Out Today Augmented Reality Apps Now Showing Up on App Store...
i feel so much better about life now that there arent those man ate an apple  his wifes reaction is PRICELESS posts all over my tl
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple  Mint  Lime
Ok loving the new audiblecom Apple Watch controls in iOS 11
Apple plis comeback the 3D Touch multitasking gesture
Apple Releases Security Updates 
Same. After 2 years upgrading in a row Apple has convinced me I can do without annual upgrades. After tax my price on X would be 1475
Apple just released a major software update for your iPhone and iPad  heres how to install it  CNBC
Aye follow me on Apple Music Im gonna be posting skits and become the first Apple musicer
One piece of warm apple pie was enough to give me the itis and have me knock tf out
I fucking love apple juice
Heard someone say that T H have sold approx 1 billion apple fritters used 1000 tonnes wheat 100 tonnes icing sugar 2 bushels of apples
It makes space for you... It will auto delete and then reinstall apps But yeah Apple sucks for not giving us an SD card slot
Apple releases iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad heres everything new  9to5Mac
Outstanding new News App on the Apple Watch. 
corey wan play all day apple head ass
Apple Pay Cash to Arrive With Future Update to iOS 11 watchOS 4
NFLGamePassEU why does the play button not work on the Apple TV app now Why do you not QA updates Or reply to tweets....
Space out to my 2nd single Another Planet now streaming on Spotify Apple Music Tidal
My boss told me to drink apple cider vinegar when I get sick .... I dont think its working.
700 billion is the same net worth of Apple . Think about that
http deadline.com201709meghan mccainintalksjointheview1202172689  Goes to show the apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
I went from 31 minutes to 5 minutes to 7 minutes to 26 minutes. Apple doesnt know how to count.
ICYMI from F2 Capital Tesla gets some blame Apple goes AR Dimon slams Bitcoin tech feedly
I liked a YouTube video
 AAPL  Bain Seeks 7 Billion From Apple for Toshiba Chips Bid
Thats what I told Eric lmao Apple gone be ruining relationships and shit ios11update
People still arguing about Apple vs Android. Much more at steak here than who has the better phone....
matches with 31 yr old on bumble wow hes probably way more mature than me his snapchat bone Apple teeth
THIS IS FUCKING SAD I HATE THE TECHNOLOGY ERA FUCK YOU APPLE i say as im tweeting from my iphone
10 Marketing Lessons From Apple Infographic 
Have an apple
How to download iOS 11 Apple s big new iPhone update  Business Insider
Apple iPhone 6 vs Motorola Moto X 2014
Theres Stripper playlists on Apple Music. . . Uhhh download you know damn well all the hits are on there. 
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
At what point will Apple start taking DEP seriously You want everyone to use it but then issues like this come up and I cant do anything.
It looks likes my phones lightning port is also burnt...
iPad User Guide for iOS 11 by Apple Inc. on iBooks
does anyone else remember when everyone called their SO cinnamon apple or
Apple s Lisa Jackson says the EPA hasnt changed leadership has changed
I liked a YouTube video
Drinking a Baked Apple by Ds Wicked Cider No Rails Ale House 
The beef and apple bars are the same as before.
If Samsung had an app to make us instant millionaires yall still go broke buying Apple 4 wireless buttons. I gave this fight up years ago
Apple iPhone 7 32GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone Multi Colors
I lost my playlists an all my memes in iOS 11 wdf Apple
iPhone User Guide for iOS 11 by Apple Inc. on iBooks
3eaz65gp I DONT LIKE YOU DO NOT CONFRONT THE WICKED FEW THEN EVIL WILL TRIUMPH APPLE UPDATESHOW MUCH I ACTUALLY LOVE AND REALISING OU
MKBHD Can you please ask Apple to return back our previous Arabic font instead of the cartoonish new font ios11update ios11
The fact that you can follow people on Apple Music now on iOS11 is unreal so much easier to find new music
Now playing brand NEW Ft. Modish Mogu Noor Ali  AJ SmokinAces Prod. By Modish Mogul by Vo Gang We on Google Play  Apple Store
YOU NEEED APPLE MUSIC THEY HAVE SUCH WONDERFUL COUNTRY PLAYLIST
Apple timcook How many months you all had to make iOS11 . Its still buggy battery drains No p2p Apple Pay and no new emojis
the day apple music gets mixtapes ill be impressed
Ofcourse my iPhone stops working when the new one comes out Im so annoyed apple fix
Apple cider.
Start selling nudes ya que lmao
Id have done the apple cider vinegar followed by a shot of tequila to wash that taste out. VinegarIsAwful
THANKS WE Apple 
Whats your Apple Music
To help humans drive safely  keep me from getting in a wreck I hope Android follows apple and implements DNDWD
Apple Music is available on Android so youll be ok
Apple updates Pages Numbers Keynote with iOS 11 features
NO APPLE I CANNOT USE MY FINGER PRINT I HAVE ATOPIC ECZEMA YOU ENTITLED BITCH
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold Verizon Unlocked
ChrisPirillo All of us should collect images of all the iOS slop bugs we see and send them to timcook Apple daily until its fixed
Apple  Amazon go different ways but reach the same conclusion The tech businesses owe nothing to the U.S. city 
New on ebay Apple Iphone 7 32gb Unlocked Black New
Apple TV User Guide
I spent 42 minutes working out with Apple Health. 155 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple emojis new where they at
Front Desk Receptionist  Apple Dental Care  Chicago IL
Crown Apple is trash
Apple Increases Limit For Cellular App Downloads to 150MB
This is the associate that helped me at the Dimain in Austin TX she was everything and professional. Picking apples at
Cant believe apple juice is winning this is truly the darkest timeline. Anyways off to buy some OJ
Apple is cutting down on how many cookies advertisers can force on to your devices with changes coming to iPhones iPads and Macs.
SamsungMobile SamsungMobileUS Ive been so disappointed with my galaxy s7 about 6 months ago I decided to switch from apple to Samsung
. Apple users likely to reject facial recognition  juniperresearch survey
My Google Pixel has 128GB it came out a year ago. Good on ya apple .
sometimes i hate apple applelover
I would help but Im at work  ccing enyapazi here who is a clever Apple mastermind
Zyra Sport Band for Apple Watch 42mm SM Soft Silicone Strap Replacement iWatch Bands for
Why dont you fart in an Apple store.......Because they dont have Windows Thank you Ill be here all week dadjoke
Now look here big baller shot caller... I dont have Apple TV money
Why has Apple still not made a quicker way to delete numbers
Prove it was me Dad lol
burned 265 calories doing 53 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
Apple updates TestFlight  Swift Playgrounds for iOS 11s new tech
Tim Cook Says The iPhone Xs 999 Price Tag Is Value For Money
Apple need to take this screen recording feature away from me.
Apple not stupid
Apart from some cosmetic changes  no big deal on iOS 11. iOS11 Apple iphone 6
I Try Have My Next Lock Down Like Apple
not terrible the apple pie oreos that everybody hates
Nice job Apple  introducing some more nonstandard Web platform features.
My MK watch was 300 and something dollars and this Apple Watch is 400 and something... I really want it But is it worth it 
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the
Again as with most system updates Apple is turning on automatic iCloud full device backup without warning users. Not good for privacy .
Apple Teacher iMovie  DED 318 My future students are gonna be Movie Stars with Apple iMovie ded318 appleteacher
This better not have been from today otherwise that apple should be in the back
Where is Apple Watch OS 4 Apple AppleSupport EveryApplePro briantong
New on the blog  Get the Glow Detox Green Protein Smoothie With Apple  Lemon  Ginger
iPhone X new Apple smartphone dumps home button for allscreen design  New model with 3 November release date...
Same with iPhone X and Apple TV 4K
I get to share these playlist without actually having to share them now. Apple Music kinda dope now.
In Japan Apple Maps is better than google maps.
The only product I like from Apple is there headphones. They literally went through 5 wash cycles and they still work.
Snapchat just beat Facebook and Apple to launch the coolest Augmented Reality feature
Apple cuts cookies  but there is more to come in the online advertising arms race
Just Pinned to Architecture The above ground entrance to the Steve Jobs Theater at Apple s new campus
cant wait for warm sweaters and jeans and boots and apple cider and candy corn and cold air and bright leaves
I liked a YouTube video
1000 no way.
Hey Apple AppleSupport  my phone was so hot it burned my charger and now it smells burnt 
Now Im overthinking it. This but with the lemon slice quartered to suggest the shield and an Scurl strip of bright red apple peel. 
Google is addressing ITP with a method in keeping with Apple s guidance around ad attribution thats an important point
This trend was probably planned though. Apple makes much more from the iPhoneX
So far tonight iOS 11 has been slow dysfunctional buggy junk. Grrr. Apple has jumped the shark. Awful.
Apple why no animoji and only at Iphone x  Huh then where xplus  timcook stevewoz lisapjackson
None I went to class.
And BTW  The Big Apple DESPISES GOP and realDonaldTrump . You are shameful.
Please RT recipes food dessert Apple Cranberry Rosemary Stuffing
This new iPhone update makes you use your fingerprint to get into your messages. Way to go apple
Lawyering up  getting supporters 2 pay 4 ur every indiscretion has now become as apple pie ... 2 slices.. Trumpism
Top Apple analyst is worried about the iPhone
Tech Deals 100 Off PS VR  Camera Bundle 30 Off Laptops And Accessories 8 Apple Watch Bands More
TY Although my IT is working w Apple  I passed this to them.
All my other music on Spotify and Apple Music though. Kevin London
The Apple Pie scrub I made is my new fav
I want a caramel apple
I just got an error when trying to download it via Itunes... Now my phone is stuck on a loading screen with apple symbol and a loading bar
I dont because Apple keeps downloading IOS 10 into my phone WHEN THEY FEEL LIKE IT and annoys the crap out of me to update. NO FIN WAY.
Cause 6s plus honestly. Last no compromises phone they offered... That still had the usual plethora of Apple compromises
Just ate an apple so yeah Im healthy af rn
Yo Apple let me read my texts from the Notification Center this sucks thanks bye
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
Bourbon apple pie Smoke Modern Barbeque Birkdale
ITS FUCKING CANDY APPLE SEASON BRO
Wait... is Apple shitty for already having that or do you just not use those functions
Apple iPad Pro 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Rose Gold. via eBay
i fucking hate you apple why do i still have a godforsaken iphone
my battery just went from 100 to 23 in 30 mins. i havent even touched it fuck apple
Got me thinking  abolish stack ranking Why Employees At Apple And Google Are More Productive
Retweeted Anna APPLE  AnnaApp91838450  
Moto Please tell me I didnt make a bad choice buying Moto G5S Plus. I was expecting at least two major updates  Apple gives 5 OMG
my mom is getting an apple watch so she gave me all her swatches
Apple iPhone 8 Plus  Preorder 64 GB  Space Gray  Sprint
Ohhhh my laptop wanna start acting up too smh apple just want me to buy new everything
If you havent had crown apple and mtn dew youre missing out
nah I dont even drink apple juice because it gives me the Shits 3c
The new headings on all the Apple apps are so ugly and unnecessary Like I know what app Im in Gina I aint stupid. Smh. iOS11
I wanna buy an iPhone X but I feel like its a bait and switch. Tim Cook sucks
Zayn Malik recommends a real apple watch
iOS 11 Apple s Big Productivity Upgrade
iPhone 8 Reviewed Apple s Best iPhone Yet Is Crippled by iPhone X  GENERAL PHYSICS LABORATORY ... 
How many professors did you have to pay to get your degree
apple love changing the things people like
I really miss my 3D Touch App Switcher iOS11 apple
Cases Delight Premium Handmade Genuine Leather case . for Samsung for Apple for Sony for
timcook continues to ensure that Apple and the new IOS11 looks more childish than ever. SteveJobsWouldBePissed
They had a lot of shit before Apple got it honestly
Apple may not be the unstoppable force behind stockmarket records it once was  MarketWatch
Everything You Need To Know About Apple s New Animoji
Apple blocks tracking  Google announcing work around
These major changes are coming to the Apple App Store with the debut of iOS 11 iPhoneX 
Didi Announces Apple Pay Support
I liked a YouTube video
Apple shares new iPad  iOS 11 howto videos features thirdparty apps
I liked a YouTube video
Apple releases TestFlight 2 with new design Swift Playgrounds with AR challenge
Thought the Apple update would help with my phone freezing all the time. Nope.
I guess its just not coming up on the Apple Podcast feed 
Nah. I dont use anything Apple  wouldnt think gamers would be interested any more though would you
By I hate Apple  they mean I love and am obsessed with Apple .
I dont really like this update apple
iOS 11 not showing up for other ppl on the east coast I havent been able to download it all day. Apple AppleSupport
iOS11 is pretty amazing actually update if youre able to  your device can handle it Apple iPhone7PlusRED iOS11
Snapchat just beat Facebook and Apple to launch the coolest Augmented Reality feature
New iPhone update This update is trash. Me when iPhone announces a new update 8 months later Why would Apple ever mess with perfection
iPhone 8 Reviewed Apple s Best iPhone Yet Is Crippled by iPhone X
When Deacon  Kelly kept gettin it on to Marvin Gaye at that Apple resort place. Doug was hating on him hard cause he made him look bad.
Why Apple Should Buy Tesla and Make Elon Musk CEO
Consistent issue with a lot of news outlets reporting on this story No actual mention of how big Apple iOS 11 is. Spoiler 1.7GB
Apple Releases New iPad Pro Tutorial Videos Covering iOS 11 Features
my neighbor just walked into my house and demanded we give him an apple . hes 5
iOS 11 When Apple fixes the abomination they made out of messaging Ill upgrade. When Im allowed to change my font colors Ill upgrade
Clearly uve never eaten an apple pie
My friend just bit into a carrot sideways like an apple Im fighting her
Apple may not be the unstoppable force behind stockmarket records it once was  MarketWatch
Apple not fooling nobody but the white people with that 8 ....cause it do the exact same as a 7
Apple why have you made all the descriptions on iOS 11 big and bold. Im not an oap and my eyes work fine. Update for the oldies
Congratulations to RRBC author Linda Mims boomlyn 2017 New Apple Award Winner MYSTERY for The Neon Houses
My wife is a slicer by the way and is dismayed I dont have time to slice her apple in morning
ios11 swooshy thing makes me feel motionsick. Any way to turn it off Apple
GordonRamsay my sister made Apple Quinoa salad with almonds apples grapes and dried cranberries. What do you think 
All I can think is that Apple wants you to ignore the order and manage your podcast playlist with Up Next.
Apple so shitty
You can customize it how u want by adding functions including screen record and apple remote and etc so hell yeah
apple 22 for years now. please come up with something else for next year kinda ridiculous.
SEAGULL SUMMER is FREE for your Apple device
Honestly whatever looks good with my skin color the last color I got was big apple red
I accidentally ordered cinnastix instead of apple pies and it made me cry
SetYourGoals isnt it supposed to be Goonies Never Say Die Apple Music not my error. 
Stream now on Apple Music
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
iMore do any of you know if Apple News gets installed in iOS 11 in Canada or other additional countries now
OMGOFM I SEE...... writes down in notebook  APPLE  0 SAMSUNG 0.5
Apple passt Keynote Pages und Numbers an iOS 11 an
 Apple Releases iOS 11 With Revamped Lock Screen Fresh App Store New Siri Voice and Updated iPad Interface
Mint Rose Gold 256GB iPhone 7 With Apple Care
Siri is better in iOS 11 Heres whats different and what Apple is doing under the hood
Huh Apple Watch can be a flash light now too watchOS4
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB Apple today announced that it has increased the
AppleNews Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
Apple passt Keynote Pages und Numbers an iOS 11 an
I liked a YouTube video
i cant access my apple music
So done with apple my IPhone 7 plus will not stop glitching thinking about moving to android applefornever Apple
I guess the apple dont fall far from the tree
chemicalmegan and ptvsnaps apple is coming for your brand with this screen recording thing im sorry
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Beware of the Apple Face ID program. You will be very sorry in the long run
The fact that this is just some more stupid Apple people bullshit the fact that htc liked it is great to me. carysbishopx 
Just took a shot of apple cider vinegar and Im in so much pain JesseCale why do you do this to yourself
tvOS 11 for Apple TV now available to public
My Apple Watch takes the longest to update out of all my Apple products
Not sure exactly. I know people who have brought products back to the Apple Store and theyve been fixed well. Sometimes its more expensive
I swear every time I update iOS my battery life goes down by half I just want decent battery life Apple AppleSupport just the small things
Damn. I really want an apple rn
To get UP on Apple Music
Welcome to Apple products.
Apple says this is thy 8 but its the 7 and 7plus
Excited for apple picking on Saturday
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
Ur daughter is adorable
Kids are being brainwashed by apple
I won 20 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
APPLE IS PAYING YOU TO SAY THIS
apple 12im an iphone user and have been for years but come on androidsamsung has had everything your introducing in the newest iphone
Oh hell yes. It is an unopened container of APPLE JUICE. You thought you were all out. It is like fucking christmas up in here.
Apple iOS 11 error installing help me out one time. Plz
Apple AppleSupport why wouldnt you put the drag down for numbers on the iPhone update Thats much needed
Put it on there.Image apple The excitement of Tuesdays Apple Event isnt limited to the iPhone X. Phil...
good luck making mimosas with apple juice
Now playing Im a player by Zetman We on Google Play  Apple Store
Apple new IOS store interface is terrible. Its making my head hurt. I dont want Apple telling me what they think is right for me. shame.
Apple Smart Keyboard for 10.5 iPad Pro
iPhone 8 Review Apple s Best and Most Boring iPhone  WIRED
Someday well text and eat or sleep while our robot overlords drive the car. until then Android we could all be a bit less distracted no
GainSaver  Rakuten Apple MD212LLA 13.3 MacBook  Intel Core i5 8GB RAM 128GB SSD Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
What would I do without Find My iPhone Just spent 15 min frantically searching until I remembered that handy tool Apple thestruggle
Maybe Lizanator can convince Apple  Anyway thank you for sharing. Have to get back out there on the front line Wish me luck
so now i can record parts of vlives...thank u apple
Apple Watch Deals
No you dont. I have not mixed cider with TD but Bad Apple makes Jack Daniels drinkable so the cider aspect has me a bit curious.
the embedded apple tv remote is perhaps the best aspect of the new control centre
View Strava workout maps in 3D thanks to Apple s ARKit
No older notifications man apple knows I dont get no hoes they wildin
Heres why you wont be able to buy an Apple iPhone X in gold  Business Insider... 
iPad Pro  How to mark stuff up with Apple Pencil with iOS 11 Apple
wait apple got me fucked up LMFAO
iOS11 interesting bug apple 
Wtf its not October yet and yet i seen mad of ya went apple picking already
Nah. RT SpiceJr  Yo apple Im about sick of yall. Screenshotting just wasnt enough huh We dont need anything deeper than that.
If you truly hate yourself get any apple product 
Apple We need a battery pack for the plus size phones. I like mophie  but I hate that their packs dont have the lightning port.
Ravens RT 9Dell Gotta catch up with the Ravens shoutout to this Apple TV app 
Gravity is observable and proven. You drop an apple  it falls...gravity.
i wonder why Apple not releasing the iPhone X in gold.
Who is YALL Im organic the best apple a mf ever picked.
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 64GB Space Grey Refurbished Grade B at 9.99 on O2 Re...
iOS11 is on point. goodjob Apple
i updated to ios11 and now my phone refuses to connect to any wifi network thanks apple
yall i got the new apple update and lemme let you messages is so weird
Angel hosted by Jason Calacanis  Audio by Jason Calacanis on Apple Podcasts
What to expect from Apple s iPhone event on September 12th
Apple they got millions I doubt they care.
Apple siicre
Add me on Apple Music
i talk shit about the iphone x and other apple stuff but ill probably end up buying that shit
Apple from sugar land if 18 and Kroger but it sucks there kind of but anyone can get hired
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Found my gma Fienos apple cake recipe and its on like donkey kong ya feel me
What in the hell is this new control center Cmon Apple
How do you hide Stocks on the Apple Watch Siri Face
I UPDATED MY PHONE AND NOW MY APPLE MUSIC IS GONW
Well uh....Yeah....Okay thanks apple 
New post  Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
thats a pretty different kind of business even ignoring the fact that apple is pretty singular.
AppleSupport is there any issue with iOS 11 causing issues with Apple Watch Mines not working since I updated my phone.
For real Do you want the digital or do you want the physical album DM your address and its yours. Otherwise I think I need an apple id
Apple s design ruleset seems like a mess.
Apple Music changed ALL my album covers. This shit stupid
Its a shame apple chargers rip straight ass and will break tomorrow probably
Yup USA is a protestant nation. Cider here is basically fresh pressed mulled unpasteurized apple juice. Culturally important though.
Hes my precious cinnamon apple 
if you know my mother youll understand now that the apple doesnt fall far from the tree 
my phone deadass acting up suddenly. apple is a bunch of thieves. still tryina get the X tho lmao
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
Dropping revenue after after Apple feature
Features that require a cellular connection like call or text still work on any Apple Watch series...clh
At least add on a bushel of assorted crisp farm fresh non gmo apples. Perhaps presented by way of couponor a rebate of sorts.
Dam Apple your update is tasking long as shit
I did three last week the one from this weekend is still pending so Apple seems to be a bit overwhelmed right now.
 customs as well maybe probably not. Ill call for exact pricing hopefully that works. Shrug
apple needs to let me buy storage or som
IOS11 is here Apple iphone7plus 
does anyone have fruit stickers im tryna put a raspberry sticker on the apple logo on my computer... just for the lols
Did you already down load the apple playlist  Its a good start lol
After two hours of waiting...my Apple Watch is finally done installing watchOS 4. Apple watchOS4
Follow me on Apple Music
Updated my phone  Im the most excited about the fact that you can follow  share playlists on Apple Music
Well that was surprisingly painless. Do you have another shoe to drop Apple 
Remember back in the day... Listening to Apple Music Radio for the first time. This brings back such memories
An apple a day keeps the doctor away But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit...
Love iOS11. Apple App Store Music iTunes Store and Podcasts with the same user experience would have been amazing.
Apple may not be the unstoppable force behind stockmarket records it once was  MarketWatch
Thanks Apple  for killing the playlist capability of Podcasts in IOS 11 Listening to podcasts easily was becoming so annoying.
Apple gets it but thats such an unfair comparison.
Really  How many code lines represents the multitask gesture 3D Touch in IOS11 to remove it. apple ios11
Like a caramel apple . Really.
Apple arrasou
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
Does everyone have a unique heartbeat...if so apple should use that to unlock the photo..it already at monitor ur heart beat
How are Apple Users w the Love Live app downloading IOS 11...just curious LoveLive iOS11 
Yeah I really like the full screen. Apple guy at work said he used one and it was amazing. Plus its only 10mo more than what I pay now.
I need everything Apple
Muito bom correr com Apple Watch
Only for iPhone 10 What about us iPhone 8 7 6S users BadApple Apple Fail I bleed out 1.9 GBs For this. Make 11.1 For Non X iPhones
Buy Apple Stock for 80 a share. Wait a decade.
Is Apple iOS11 worth updating TuesdayThoughts
Please RT iphone ipad mac First drone footage since naming of Apple Park shows completed parking...
iPhone 8 has a low carbon footprint says Apple VP  CNET
Looks like the Apple Watch 3 is in my near future Apple
Aint go lie I dont like when niggas got Apple headphones and Samsung phones or androids period.. side eye that shit errr time
iOS 11 U kidding Im still on 9 bc Apple cant get many features in 9 to work and now theyre going to 11 after 10 destroyed messaging
All the Ways Apple s iOS11 Will Change Your iPhone
Green Apple by ModFogz Review
Thank you Apple for having us in Best New Updates for iOS 11 
6 iPhone Charger Syncwire Lightning Cable   Apple MFi Certified 6.5ft iPhone Cord for
4 iPhone Charger Syncwire Lightning Cable   Apple MFi Certified 3.3ft iPhone Cord for
what app do you use i use last.fm to track spotify apple music
So this well be the first year since the original iPhone I will not be getting the new iPhone Apple iPhone8
Apple releases iOS 11 Security Updates... Yes Microsoft is not alone...
QOL of Apple with the designlack of bloatcustomizability of stock android yo boiii
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
 Idk I think that hes getting a truck to but I would want him to roll wme to the Verizon Wireless  Apple Stores maybe BLVD
Ill admit its a luxury. And though Im outnumbered I will always offer any of you a delicious apple slice ifwhen I see you at AppleTime
Wonder if Kevin is voting Josh He put the temptation apple ... lol
Bruh this iOS update wiped out my Apple Music library. Im 38
Company of demons You mean like Enron and Apple 
http Allivet.com is giving away the new Apple Watch. Please check them out now for a chance to win.
Finally excited for change. I mean you cant expect to keep fighting Apple on new iOSs every time... just gotta lean widdit
Razer keyboard case for apple ipad pro 12.9 in
WOW FUCK APPLE . NOW YOU CAN CASHAPP VIA TEXT. ITS LIT
NowBrowsing Fitbits first smartwatch the Ionic cant compete with the Apple Watch
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
Im so bitter apple removed the 3D Touch feature for sliding the left of your screen to exit apps now imma have to use the home button
New software update IOS11 is Apple AppStore I LOVE IT
iTerm2 Leaks Everything You Hover in Your Terminal via DNS Requests
OpenBox Certified Apple  MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  13 Display  Inte...
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
I sure hope I get over this caramel apple addiction soon.
I liked a YouTube video
One of my best memories is still drinking home made apple wine with a ton of folk music hippies and jamming.
What I dont understand is how TIDAL cost as much as it do but dont have all the music Apple Music got 
Apple Music for Android updated with profiles voice command support shortcuts new widget 
Apple Magic Mouse
HomeKit setup to turn my TV Apple TV and Stereo on  lights off when I sing Its movie time to Siri. Singing is unnecessary but fun.
Apple s War on Buttons Is Nearly Complete
Honestly Techwise its Samsung  APPLE  beauty its IPhone  Samsung. I once used the s6 edge and it was awesome the camera was cool
hi my name is apple and my podcast app suuuuuuuuuuucks
Apple friends possible 1st Time Mac laptop purchase. Need for general computing and development. What do you recommend
Hi Georgios thanks for your tweet. Were looking at introducing Apple CarPlay in the future however at this point we have no further info.
My Apple Watch needs to stop telling me to stand up and move. Its just not gonna happen tonight.
Final Cut Pro 7 No Longer Supported Blackmagic Design reckon they have the answer see the video . fcpx Apple
Final Cut Pro 7 No Longer Supported Blackmagic Design reckon they have the answer see the video . fcpx Apple
Retweeted The Daily Star  DailyStarLeb  New OS revamps Apple s App Store
Apple not caring about security is still up guess most people use
Sony Xperia X vs Apple iPhone 6s
Top of the line Apple
I have my eyes on the Apple Watch as well . clh
Oh Zeemuug his face is as red as an apple . He hesitantly took the bouquet and blinked glancing them over giving them a light  daadcult
iOS 11 makes my phone look like Apple Music lmfao
Holy crap. Started playing a podcast in OvercastFM on iPhone. Looked at my Apple Watch and Overcast was already open. watchOS4
Craving apple pie from Costco
I dont know if we have enough Apple products...
HOWEVER APPLE MUSIC IS DIFFERENT SO KEEP THIS IN MIND 
Absolutely loving the new IOS apple iOS11
Apple starving people r hurricane r EARTH quake effected people of the world .r a new 1000 doller phone appleistheantichrist
Procreate 4 delivers drag and drop Files app support other iOS 11 enhancements
The year is 2058 Apple now requires a blood sample and a hair follicle to unlock the IPhone 52S
https twitter.comTheScribblcrs tatus910289621602504705  I use apple to make it sweeter but it does have a lot of sugar 
Look I have money for the X but if you havent made enough for me to get one anytime soon thats frustrating as a customer.
I FIXED IT I JUST TURNED OFF MY PHONE PHEW OMG I THOT MY PHONE WAS REALLY FUCKING UP IM SUING APPLE
With Apple s new story format in iOS 11 are they going to buy an outlet like Touch Arcade to help fill with quality content
just another day in the Big Apple 
We tried but not much success  Apple ads are more successful but still really random
How to Use the iPad App Switcher in iOS 11
Bitch its still a taffy apple aint it
6 durable alternatives to Apple s iPhone and iPad lightning charging cables
My phone is now randomly dying when it wants. Couldnt turn it on for like 20min. Youre not slick apple . 
Apple when are we getting new emojis I think the beta testers have waited long enough
MKBHD Can you please ask Apple politely to bring the previous Arabic font back as the new font will ruin our life for the next decadeios11
Just wanted to share my sons new song on Spotify Also on iTunes Apple Music Google Play and more Go support
Procreate 4 delivers drag and drop Files app support other iOS 11 enhancements
Tech Apple Just Dropped iOS 11  But Is It Worth Upgrading Now
Apple s Tim Cook Says the 999 iPhone X Is a Value
why apple . WHY 
Apple s iPhone 8 offers twice the performance of Samsungs newest Galaxy S8
Dude you have tattoos of D20 and that Apple pie graph I think your fate is sealed
New OS revamps Apple s App Store
Positive reviews for Apple s iPhone 8Plus and iOS 11 bode well for the iPhone X
http bit.ly2xfaTEh Tech Deals 100 Off PS VR  Camera Bundle 30 Off Laptops And Accessories 8 Apple Watch ... iphonefirmware 
Book Art Apple  3D apple  Personalized Apple  Red Apple  Green 
The iOS 11 update makes everything so much simple thank you Apple Apple btw is there any new emojis
Review Apple s iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus wont wow you. But theyre still solid phones
the circles by the carrier were like.. an apple trademark but now they have bars For why
They started mass streaming on spotify and apple music an hour ago and their going for 3 hours
Fitbits 300 Ionic smartwatch takes on the new Apple Watch
Cant wait for Apple next iOS11 update to take care of the ugly ass font N bring back the dots for signal strength fuck the shitty bars
poisoned apple  Vintage photogra of ballet dancers  A performance in London 1943.
Podcast en apple
1 scp muscletech vanilla 2 scps plain rolled oats Honey not measured 6oz of water Red delicious apple side Dinner is served
oh apple what a bitch. i need my phone you dumbass retard
6 song EP TNLS gone release on Apple Music..... sooner than later
im probably not gonna be able to even do cross cross apple sauce tomorrow at school because i scraped my ankle
A FOR APPLE C FOR DOG
Tech Deals 100 Off PS VR  Camera Bundle 30 Off Laptops And Accessories 8 Apple Watch Bands More. The...
Get the storage warning everyday but somehow have 2GB free to download the new iOS Make ur mind up apple
Its a Motts Apple juice and Roldgold pretzels kind of night while I watch the AGT finale AGTFinale
on apple music
With new operating system Apple revamps its moneymaking App Store
Apple still hasnt given us Group FaceTime or anything truly innovative with these new iPhone
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 128GB Silver at 49.99 on 4GEE Essential 500MB 24 Mo...
Apple done changed the game with this screen record. Aint no more screenshotting messages they wanna see EVERYTHING THAT WAS SAID.
21 Apple Marketing Strategies you need to Apply Now
WTF has Apple done to the Pages app 
Apple  Amazon go different ways but reach the same conclusion The tech businesses owe nothing to the U.S. city
Apple trying to get people caught up. you can take videos on FaceTime
Wait 8.4 is HARD cider to yall THE HECK ARE U DRINKIN OVER THERE APPLE JUICE
I just entered to Win 2 VIP Tix to the Coors Light Redds Apple Ale Tailgate Party
What is Apple Music
True. And I get that for so many people Apple iOS just works as they say.
Pinecone Apple Necklace Craft  a Back to School Craft for Kids
Oh ffs Apple  so where are my iCloud backups then  
Just use Apple Music haha
i gave up apple for a reason
Wow Apple is really against me. Wtf I did them
Haha somebody doesnt have kids and has easy and often access to knives. I just think the whole apple is a better juicier experience
Props to Apple for making it easier to drive sans distraction expect an autoresponse if you text me whilst Im driving IOS11 DNDWD
Im still trying it out but I like it so far. The new control panel isnt bad and many of the regular Apple apps look sleeker.
Agreed not for the average American. Four other models that go down to 300. Avg consumer also doesnt need a Mac Pro.
Hey Apple ... I dont think the page titles are fucking big enough overkill ios11 ios11update 
apple what. the. FUCK... bring back the fade filter on iOS 11 or im suing
Apple Crisp Cookie Cups Are The Easiest Fall Dessert Ever
I hate this. Have unlimited data with my mobile provider. Whos Apple to be the data sheriff Let me choose.
get the apple upgrade program so u can have a phone now and just get the 8 when it comes out
Our little Fam in 2014 apple touring day.
iPad  How to retouch a photo  Apple
Apple s Lisa Jackson says the EPA hasnt changed leadership has changed
Does cider count as apple
and then I wouldve went to a real McDonalds and got their apple pie
then turn around and buy the iPhone X even tho they purchased an iPhone 8 months prior. The sad part is Apple knows this sad act will happen
Wait Apple has only just got Gif sending Like common that was on android 5 or 6 years ago...
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
I cant stop roasting Apple  and yes I own a Mac  an iPhone so Im allowed to do this 
I guess iOS11 gon force me to set up Apple Pay huh
Awesome new feature of new Apple TV update screensaver goes on in the middle of whatever youre watching every 90seconds. Loving it
Apple back on they ish.... messing w my phone and storage right as the new one drops to try and make me upgrade from my 7
Some of the portrait lighting isnt up to Apple standard but it is in beta. I would like to see portrait mode in video on future iPhones.
Heyyy world Stream or Download my debut EP on Spotify Tidal Apple Music iTunes Google
Dear Apple  you think were all dumb. 2 new phones come out  all the other iPhones before it start too fuck up... coincidence Not at all
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Now playing Vula by AgeeThesheperd We on Google Play  Apple Store
Have no idea why its takes hours to update Apple Watch iOS
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
Apple Watch Series 3 ordered
tbh that was actually pretty nice I liked it Apple ruins everything
this apple music update dope. I need like 5 of yall to hurry up and update so I can follow yall to see what music yall on
Its absolutely hideous. I hope people take the time to let Apple know how hideous it is.
27 iOS 11 tips and tricks you should know to navigate Apple s latest update with ease
Sat Apple  waited for two hours for them to plug in 1 cord and fix the problem in 15 seconds
Damn that Top Notch apple
Apple This new IOS update is really dope.
Apple Blossom Flower Bracelet 
Apple s iOS 11 is buggy as hell at least visually
Apple s Tim Cook Says the 999 iPhone X Is a Value
I just updated my phone and all my photos are gone thanks apple 
The keys havent shrunk. Apple removed most of the extra keys on the sides that IMO were useless clutter.
Apple s Face ID isnt flawless  technology can and will be hacked cybersecurity expert says FaceID infosec
Apple event 2017 iPhone X unveiled
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
iPhone 8 has a low carbon footprint says Apple VP  CNET Lisa Jackson head of Apple s
Ive been craving these protein bars they sell at school all day and i forgot my wallet  they dont accept Apple Pay 
I am a Android user but for all you Apple lovers here you go
there was me thinkin u couldny get an apple bastard
Yep. Likewise I just bought a thing from Apple  even though I could have bought it online I chose to go there bc the experience is so good
Bomb ass veggie and fruit smoothie 1 apple sliced Celery cut off leaves  a tiny cube or two of peeled ginger  two carrots 
Every iOS upgrade slows down the iPhone. Apple strategy to make you buy new phones every 2 years iOS11 
Last week Becky won an Apple Watch for her outstanding performance. Staytuned to see what we have planned for our upcoming contest . 
iOS 11s best feature lets you put a couch anywhere you want  CNET Commentary Apple s
Apple iPhone 8 and iOS 11s Positive Reviews Bode Well for the iPhone X
Cant reproduce it bro sorry works fine for me x
paid sponsorship by apple
Apple just dropped iOS 11  but is it worth upgrading Now
Youre a girl who talks like a dude. No class....
Why does the Apple iOS update need to mess with the phones display Its not an improvement its more difficult to navigate certain apps
Do you mean Apple 
Wheres my Yma Î¾Î¾ my fucking Cinnamon Apple KawaiiGumiBot
When I got iOS 10 when my phone shut off to download it it never turned back on I had to take it to apple and when it finally
Apple Watch and Atrial Fibrillation  A Game Changer.
Doesnt this have the same specs as samsung s6
my freaking earbuds just ripped apart so i walked over to the apple store to get new ones and they cost 31 fucking dollars
I just published Today Apple released iOS 11 which allows you to use Augmented Reality on your iPhone 6s or
How do songs in Apple Music playlists still not have an AZ sorting option iOS11
I cant watch TV on my own Netflix account rn because some schmuck on an Apple TV is watching Trolls. I alone have access to my account....
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X
Apple is going to be making it rain with the X......
Yall be making Apple and orange comparisons when it comes to music.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X news 
I call my daughter Raven Ravenator. This is the result. art cartoon apple ipad digitalart terminator2 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
FliesAreCool  Heres your Drosophila LisetteVogel  Theyre quite enjoying the apple I accidentally left outside becurious 
Final Cut Pro 7 No Longer Supported So what to do Blackmagic Design reckon they have the answer as shown in this video ... fcpx Apple 
Final Cut Pro 7 No Longer Supported So what to do Blackmagic Design reckon they have the answer as shown in this video ... fcpx Apple 
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
Its taffy apple season.
Bandwidth total summed from PeeringDB info. Similar situation on other internet exchanges. I would love to see internal Apple stats.
I also added the playlist to Apple Music so if thats more your speed here ya go.
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 705.99 on O2 SIM Only ...
What can I do if the person I am getting contact with doesnt have an Apple device iHere 39844
a light and transparent Apple like wire would make AP less stressful iGuess
Looking for some incredible apple recipes for Rosh Hashanah Check out some amazing recipes here.
Dive into the details of iOS 11 Is Apple still detailoriented The answer seems to be a resounding NO. ios11
Honey Mask Pack 10ml Apple Strawberry Cucumber Citron Charcoal GOODAL
Apple iOS 11 Overview
I liked a YouTube video
Jeezo is that him haha. Apple and tennis racket springs to mind
so my laptop really just decided to close all my tabs as soon as i finish a 55part question Apple get your fucking shit together.
Tech Deals 100 Off PS VR  Camera Bundle 30 Off Laptops And Accessories 8 Apple Watch Bands More
Canadas policies DO NOT apply in US. if you dont give them your password then they wont let you in. Apple has nothing to do with it
Ugh this is so sad. Apple fucked up so bad.
Apple missing my 3d touch multitasking
sitting under apple trees waiting for the lil fuckers to fall on y ou lifehacks
im looking at apple s site. iphone upgrade program isnt available through carriers.
tech technology mobilegeb Apple s A11 Bionic is a cyborg first iPhone 8X benchmarks crush
Apple Watch and Atrial Fibrillation  A Game Changer.
apple is amazingly bad at this what fuck
APPLE CAN YALL STOP MAKING OUR IPHONES ACT UP COINCIDENTALLY WHEN THE NEW ONES ARE COMING OUT 
You may be woke to this already but fuck it. Apple Music x Spotify x
The best possible new feature Apple could add to a phone at this point is a battery that lasts at least 3 days.
Giveaway Enter to win Apple s brand new iPhone X
Apple thinks they can release a 6S...S and profit.
Hot Brownie hot fresh cinnamon rolls with cream apple strudel pizza and Bavarian cream pizza  dessert is served 
Apple exec Lisa Jackson the Trump administration is harming the credibility of the EPA
Google Photos tho
Review Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus
Farewell I will never forget you iOS11 Apple AppleEvent iPhone iOS 
Should I update my phone to iOS 11 IOS11 iPhone Apple Like4like Recent4recent Tag4tag
When Apple come back the 3D Touch Multitask gesture  then I will install iOS11
Productivity Secrets of HighPerformance Employees at Google  Apple
 No Ill ask him but it reads to be BS . Shrug
Damn The Mac Crashed Again on Tidal and Apple Music
Apple Watch 
Wow it took Apple that much to put screen recording
CBS rigged it. He had fans going in so was going to win safety. He even told Josh they put the safety apple he got there for Paul.
Productivity Secrets of HighPerformance Employees at Google  Apple
WHY APPLE LIKE THAT FUCKIN HOMOPHOBIC
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
At preachers meeting If I was Adam I wouldnt have eaten that apple even if Eve was as fine as you.
You gotta fix that Apple  IOS11 
FOLLOW ME ON APPLE MUSIC AND QUOTE THIS WITH YOURS
https youtu.be1KCSaE6BA made a video vlog thing of mine and Steph adventure at Apple Fest
Productivity Secrets of HighPerformance Employees at Google  Apple
Made some delicious apple dumplings Call me bettycrocker itsfallyall Sanctuary at Weddington
mi profile on Apple Music lets share our playlists
IOS 11 is now available to download and install on your Apple devices. .. 
iOS 11 is the stupidest thing ever apple needs to fix this. Its so freaking slow and makes my phone freeze up
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold at 49.99 on 4GEE 10GB 24 Months co...
Lol that video just shows how horrible Eli Apple is
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple is like America... you know you tired of they shit but you not willing to go anywhere else.
before and after i told him he couldnt eat my apple 
Popular thirdparty Home app updated with iOS 11 automation features more
Apple always charging my card for something
First impressions with iOS11 on iPhone 7 I must say I like it so far Apple Verizon
Fall officially arrives this week Celebrate with this delicious Apple Crisp Barley Bake recipe 
I have this urge now to update it
Apple iMessage mobile payments service wont be available tomorrow in iOS 11
Apple s on a mission to turn its voice assistant Siri into a powerful platform in its own right. LinkSource AI
I was just thinking Im at an apple deficit with Jeff K not there bringing in fruit. New Apple share for MR team
ISO 11 Apple I it
Ooh do you remember the pumpkin ice cream we had at the apple farm last year
I just dont know why Im very excited about you that now you came officially to my country available to download. apple iphone ios11 
Surprised Apple didnt invent some new flags that will sit in my emoji screen forever not being used.
Old iPhone apps to be killed off by Apple iOS 11  Sky News
St. Louis Police Claim Unknown Chemical Labeled  Apple Cider Vinegar Maliciously Used Against Them
The problem with slicing the apple is more likely to turn brown and you have to put in fridge. Whole apple is your oyster whenever u like
You can use any tv provider now instead of just apple
Ceilings Missing feat. Joan Monroe  Single by Jmoneygibbs on Apple Music
Clive Davis The Soundtrack of Our Lives Apple Music nos presenta otro de sus documentales
Dear Apple  if TCP connections are failing and ACKs arent coming back stop trying to use that network and switch to another. Why so hard
Thank you HonestTree1 for sharing my GlutenFree Vegan Raw Apple Pie Tart recipe
0 Central Road Apple Valley  CA  92308
Apple  Greater Corner Leak HP Vicarious authority Library and Staples allinclusive adjudge businesses so as t
I just listed 12oz Cutie Pie Apple  6 Pies Pack of 1 for 8.99 via amazon
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone ios 11 win 
 OH r e a a l l l y y my stepdaddad is going to finance my Apple Store needs to the tune of about 12K. HeadNod  OK s u r e 
Reviews for the iPhone 88 Plus are out. Last week  everyone moaned about Apple charging a bajillion dollars for the iPhone X.
Samsung is way ahead of apple tbh. might just switch teams
Im still confused why Apple thinks its a good idea to release two new phones literally within months of each other.
I cant find it on Apple Music
I just made the worlds ugliest apple pie hopefully it tastes alright
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB
gj reducing apple s bottom line and depriving the splc of another donation
Looking at non apple phone options now.
Apple Music for Android updated with profiles voice command support shortcuts new widget 
US STOCKSSP Ends at Record High Led by Banks While Apple Drags
Swear Apple Music would be better if they had mixtapes.
Why are the Apple Watches called series something Apple Watch Series 3 instead of Apple Watch 3. Just because
Setting up the admin desk at e2pmedia  I logged into my Apple ID and of course unexpectedly
Um.. how does one end up with apple crisps in their hair
Apple thanks for portrait mode awesomeness mywife smile 
Hopefully Ill be able to upload the 1st episode either tonight or tomorrow And if all goes well itll be available through Apple Podcast
Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played w
Yeah itll take me a few days to work through it all. I feel like I was still discovering things on iOs10 last week. haha
Mini apple pies for Rosh Hashana roshhashana roshhashana2017 applepie miniapplepies 
threatmeter Apple Safari Input Validation Bugs Let Remote Users Spoof the Address Bar and Conduct CrossSite Scri
the apple music what
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
httpswww. youtube.comwatchvj3NAjX Q9Tk   Apple s Lisa Jackson on Protecting the Planet  Disrupt SF 2017 by TechCrunch technology news
Apple IPad Air 1st Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Silver GREAT CONDITION Price 460.00 ...
apple AppleSupport screen recording isnt grabbing audio. What gives
i woken up to some headass saying i look like a horse and someone in fucking kaluga trying to sign into my apple id shittt all i did was nap 
I swear to god this bullshit is enough to make me switch to ANYTHING not apple .
can beyonc put freakin lemonade on apple music yet jeeezzz
oh thats funny someone was just ranting about how shit apple is at UX design what the fuck is wrong with iOS
Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
Yo this Apple Update is IOS11 Apple
When I got iOS 10 when my phone shut off to download it it never turned back on I had to take it to apple and when it finally
I only activated my EE Apple Music for Part II On The Run
What does it look like now
I also seen some very weird Apple ID and iCloud stuff the last two days. I dont think its you.
Apple s future may hinge on shedding its previous cash cows for the sake of transformation says Saikat Chaudhuri
hey how can i follow you on apple music
IOS 11 is so nice Apple
Apple iPad 2 How Does It Stack Up First Review  Comments  Smart Office
come on Apple  wheres our custom notification sounds per app and this same pic in two locations thing is really old. ..
I dont like apple pie Ill see you in mexico
Cook Weighs Apple s Biggest Deal Yet to Protect Chip Supply
Apple Safari Input Validation Bugs Let Remote Users Spoof the Address Bar and Conduct CrossSite Scripting Attacks
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
Huawei Mocks Apple s iPhone X Says Real AI Phone to Debut Next Month
so true i never expected apple to be the one to start flailing around trying not to tank. maybe if they didnt charge  for basic things
Kind of makes sense for Apple to have a total of 1.2Tbps peering capacity just to DECIX .. heres iOS 11 for ya. Insane traffic. 
IOS 11 is now available to download and install on your Apple devices. .. 
Huawei Mate 10 Teased as The Real AI Phone as Company Takes a Dig at Apple  NDTV
Download Bubble Blossom now from Apple App Store or Google Play Store 
you mean the shit that has already been on Androids for years now How clever.
Mine has been on 9 minutes remaining for about 35mins and counting now. Apple sure knows how to build suspense
Apple s Lisa Jackson on Protecting the Planet  Disrupt SF 2017
Apple I have a business proposal for you guys where can I send it through to 
This damn Apple Watch update is taking a... 
Are yooouuu readddyy to ruuuuuumbleeee
Dessert 1 Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie Cups. Happy Jew Year Everyone
Haha. Good thing its apple season. It was pretty delicious.
Thanks Apple  Real estate apps just got a huge AR boost  Apple released its newest operating system today and...
Oh I remember. It was because I cant add my BN membership card to my Apple Wallet.
If anyones selling an old iPhone hmu the Apple gods have decided to take away Old Betsy
Automated message wants you to call a number to get Apple Cloud fixed. Be careful and just hang up.
remember how we all first hated ios 10 then came to like it 
Incase Designs  Hardshell Shield Case for 13.3 Apple  MacBook Air  Pink s
Apple will be releasing a new gadget exclusively for women later this year dubbed the iRon.
Apple Support  Mac Notebooks About the security content of Xcode 9
technews tech Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut...
Clarifying Good thing were only talking electronics the Apple Stores first available appointment is next Wednesday CustomerService
Hacker News  Apple Announces Higher Limit for OverTheAir Downloads
Apple really turned on that slow old iPhones switch
Why so much hate for Apple products Been noticing that as of late I know youre all about MS but Apple does have good qualities also...
look Its not just apple products that are exorbitantly priced.
Thanks Apple  Real estate apps just got a huge AR boost  Apple released its newest operating system today and...
OMG. wipes drool off chin Moroccan spiced pecans apple cider vinaigrette dressing
1969 Chevrolet Camaro 1969 Custom Camaro  Candy Apple Red
i liked ios 11 but im mad they still havent added a way to manually sort playlists on apple music . please
Ive downloaded a ton of songs through Apple Music how can I have them added to iTunes on my Mac from my iPhone AppleSupport AppleMusic
I could go clear them all out. But I havent done it because I assumed Apple would eventually fix the bad behavior.
i messaged apple support lol
Have you considered joining us in the land of Android  We have Oreo cookies.
How to reset your AirPods  Having problems with your AirPods A simple reset should do the trick. Apple s AirP...
right apple could have at least given us that Apple iOS11 iOS11release iphone AniMoji apple
I think Im going to wait a bit to update to iOS 11 just until they sort anything that might need looking at knowing apple s track record
When Apple gets a feature that feature truly matters then and the world adapts to these things once Apple does it.
Did apple just rewrite the OS ios11 with basic HTML Everything looks like headers  titles
fuck it will be awkward if I need to show this up at the apple store and ask them to unlock it dafuihsaiudghasiudg
Just updated to iOS11 Apple so far so good
InfuseApp a nice feature could be to select a movie on the iPhone press a button  play on my Apple TV  and display a remote view ala plex
How iOS 11 will change your Apple device
20170920 0845
This iPhone update is bomb. Good job apple . Im actually impressed
Apple slowly lets its TV streaming app expand beyond the US
Apple does the first gen iPad Pro 12.9 actually get better resolution from 4K movies like at 1440 or are the movies still 1080 on iOS 11
Free Apple iPad Mini 4 at  Only Free
https futurism.comwhyappleshou ldbuyteslaandmakeelonmuskceo  Apple Tesla Possibility Merger Innovation Forward Thinking Tech Titans Whaddyareckon
LITechNews  Apple Unveils What it Calls the Future of the Smartphone Apple CEO iPhone
Apple s New Campus An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership
Apple Boom Timeline 1880  Commercial apple production in the valley reached 1000 bushels. Follow the links...
Chipotle Apple Sweetpotato Saladroasted goodness featuring latesummer veggies Super tasty Thx lovelemonsfood
hi Apple 
How to Get Your iPhone and iPad Ready for iOS 11
Apple updates Pages Keynote Numbers with iOS 11 features
Easy solution...dont buy apple products lol.
are they turning into apple and put them on then got choked by them
Apple IPhone 5s  32GB  Gold ATT Smartphone Price 76.00 View and Buy this item ...
Lol I was almost about to go back to Apple Music but then they threw in free Hulu and Im stuck
AskPanda what happens if you put an EpiPen in an apple
updated to ios11 and im already annoyed by things. why do all the apple apps have giant labels on them i dont need this shit. app store 
for real Apple WHY DO I NEED Transit Lines to update for China I live in California... then my phone freezes halfway through the update
Braised Pork Belly tart apple slaw fried fingerling potatoes chilibasil oil balsamic reduction frizzled beet curls paired w Black IPA 
Today has been one of those days where you dump Fireball in your apple cider and wonder why you thought having kids would be a great idea.
right I was finna cry. 2 of my friends screens froze as soon as they updated. Apple told them their company has to uninstall the update
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Apple wine is way to strong for its secondary fermentation might have to blend it or distill it.
I like how iOS automatically updates Apple CarPlay
In all the things Im trying to understand about whats going on over in America this is proving the most fascinating. Apple madness
eats an apple  for wrath
If you have iOS 11 and love music which you should you need Apple Music. And to follow me.
Golden Ears Carl Chery Rises at Apple Music Talks Breaking New Artists with The Cosign
Apple really topped it with iOS 11
Hey Apple safari update for my macbook does not work
Youre always coming for Apple
wow im really impressed with apple store ordered a case last night at 830 delivered today at 350pm.
I liked a YouTube video
My own feeling is that one can get more apple with ones teeth nibbling at the core than by carving it up it neat lines with a knife.
Come through Apple with the new update ios11
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11  TechCrunch
Apple didnt bother to finish Touch ID development  Motley Fool
One of the reasons I love this time of year Steak n Shake caramel apple shakes
Beware Of Apple s New Face ID
Apple iPhone consumers are waiting for iPhone X  USA TODAY
Now you are getting away from my argument. They do by for the Apple experience and CS but in no way do they buy the products for updates.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple done stepped they game up
But you got to give credit to The hard working staff Apple for makeing iOS 11 To look good on iPhone X 10 
Are you ready for your new iphone 8 Carrier trade ins have to be crack free.
Im gonna go with apple cider vinegar. Whiskey would knock me out
Caller ID shows  Apple Inc and a 415 area code. Just putting this out there. Similar to that of the Microsoft scam calls.
Yea i know... i been using an apple tv and just streaming the channels i watch the most and netflix and hulu on a student discount.
Apple does entirely too much with these updates
WHY APPLE WHY
Dont be cheap and pay the extra 5 a month for the next tier iPhone
Im already over this update its nothing special I expected alot more iPhone iOS11 iOS11release Apple Apple
How many RTs to drop this and Welcome to Forever on Apple Music
Apple Announces Higher Limit for OverTheAir Downloads
bruh apple got me hot rn
energy Counting down Apple s Lightning connector deathwatch Just as the iPhone X has scrapped the Home button
Calling all apple lovers Double tap if you love apples as much as we do Weve got our 9 Favorite Sweet AND
Counting down Apple s Lightning connector deathwatch Just as the iPhone X has scrapped the Home button Apple s
Update your shit if it fuck it up fuck apple up
Apple has been increasing the prices of their phones every 3 years. iPhone 8 is also more expensive than 7. 6SE is the cheaper option. Not 8
I dont get Apple they just introduced that feature last year
So the Apple Store dude had no idea what was wrong with my phone. Today was a total wasteeeeeee.
iOS 11 . I guess we now know why Apple is about to start selling a 1000 phone. Force outdate older models due to storage limits.
Does Apple care come with it 
Apple s success in retail has shown that just having four walls is not enough. If it isnt pleasant people will stay home.
The only reason I go with 8 because I think next year the x will become the standard phone for Apple .
Heyyy world Stream or Download my debut EP on Spotify Tidal Apple Music iTunes Google
timcook stevewoz lisapjackson animojiiiii why only Iphone x AppleSupport
I said the same shit Apple just made simple shit look complicated af
apple is busy showcasing so called new features that androids have had for years
https youtu.bemW6hFtttKE Apple This is the most impressive thing I have seen Apple do so far... Hopefully I could get one some day lol
I swear that was me as a 12 year old. I LOVE APPLE  and ellen
Literally the only thing that makes the phone operational in range of marginal WiFi is to turn off WiFi. And now Apple s made that harder.
Apple sets new 150MB ceiling for over the air App Store downloads
Thanks Apple Jacks
The new iPhone update is actually good but there are so many bugs Apple
I drank apple cider vinegar before my lunch  dinner today and I know that stuffs like hella good for you but Im not sure its worth it
To JohnLegere and TMobile I have a suggestion how about some Apple RadioMusic on us
Not really fair to blame Apple or iOS11 for this. Theyve been urging developers and users to update for years. Do you still run Win XP
Smartphone Apple iPhone 7 32GB DE R 351490 POR R 307912
You Want To Stay On His Mind Feed His Apple Craving  websitediamondlife
Dont let wont bad Apple ruin the bunch
Why do we need to stream DNA on Spotify YT and Apple Music BECAUSE
I spent 13 minutes working out with Apple Health. 146 calories burned. LoseIt
I might not understand this sentiment but those 295k likes makes me want to buy more Apple stock.
where to listen to it i dont have apple music x.x
Secretly but not so secretly I want an Apple Watch
Did you know that the USDAdatabase defines a 95 calorie apple as specifically medium and 3 inches in diameter 182 g NUTR546
The new Apple update is pretty cool so far
it would be a shame. now go make apple gets rekt 2.
I need to make birthday bars. Caramel apple pie. Someone motivate me.
trop des apple addict
yall wanna be apple music friends
 Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played 
Wow. Siri works so much better in iOS11. Good job Apple
Finally joined Apple Music. Hello wonderful world of streaming.
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Apple s iOS platform has matured to the point we can comfortably drop support for previous OSs on the launch day of a major update. iOS11
It works fine if youre willing to give up iMessage and visual voicemail
Thoughts on the new Apple update.
Does Apple iTunesPodcasts.app limit the number of episodes you can retrieve from a feed
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
I am new apple user. Is it worth to update my Iphone7 plus into iOS 11
Class mate. Apple music next
Repost from Amy Leist  The Asian pears apples and veggies are off the hook and delicious at Apple Hill ranch right now 
FastCoDesign How an Apple vet helped solve one of VRs biggest problemsfor Facebookowned Oculus 
Apple s Lisa Jackson on Protecting the Planet  Disrupt SF 2017
I spent 17 minutes working out with Apple Health. 226 calories burned. LoseIt
Netflix could get big win from new Apple TV  Business Insider  Business Insider
follow meh on apple music
Be back shortly. Time to download apple iOS11
I hope Apple can fix my phone for free cause im not wasting money for this lil crack .
Did you want to ask a question about the invasiveness of Equifax or Apple s creepy new phone You know a relevant question to Americans
Just want to put out this warning Parents told me they received numerous automated calls today saying Apple Cloud was hacked...
I love Apple . I love timcook .
Cant download this iOS 11 cause I dont remember my freaking Apple password 
Ive the apple upgrade program and wont even use the upgrade for the X because I dont care for wireless charging aspect.
Apple cider vinegar is actually straight from the devil and no one should ever have to drink it.
Apple Valley Varsity Girls Soccer falls to Lakeville South 41
Apple pie moonshine Red Pumps Washington Cherry and Everclearblue curacao all layered with a lemon zest S. Packs a punch like Supes
All the ways to get an apple a day this fall
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark Apple Bottoms One Shoulder.
Another day n Apple still punking their customers. If you tired of limit space on your phones with gimmicks come to SamsungMobile iOS 11 
In the future we wont have bees but Apple will make AppleBees which is great because I hate eating Applebees  I love rose gold
The combination of austinmann s artistry and Apple s ingenuity is just incredible
Apple brings in App Store changes for developer appeal
this is the kind of apple pie we need to make sophgor
Worked for a Uni a couple years ago that were crippled by an earlier iOS update. Luckily many have caching servers now.
Thank you Apple
Now playing Top1000 Reloaded by Base1sa We on Google Play  Apple Store
Another reason why I dont like Apple or iPhones anymore
Apple Music for Android updated with profiles voice command support shortcuts new widget 
All the ways to get an apple a day this fall
I mean its sad we need to have a work around for the dreaded notch but this is top notch apple TAKE NOTES iphonex
Got off came home threw a load in the washer got an apple and something to drink and turned on some music.. PeaceAtLast
Bone apple teeth 
People who like to eat as much of the apple as possible.
right. When I went to factory reset it my screen turned gray and Black I was so scared. Everything back tho. I had to cancel my Apple Music
Well in that case then.....You get an iPhone 8 and you get a iPhone 8...and you... 
RT RonnyMeichsner Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcu
All the Ways Apple s iOS 11 Will Change Your iPhone via NYTimes
Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played w
Mostly its apple more up in your bidness. Or trying. Eff that.
Apple Music be dropping some A1 playlist mo
How to Use the iPad App Switcher in iOS 11
Dont make me go and fuck up that self esteem you pay 1000 a year for Ms. Kappa Apple Pie
Cant find it came up on Apple News earlier cant remember what paper. Gist of it repeal bill talks about exit day f knows when lol
i LOVE apple crumble....
Apple Give me my IOS10 back
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Display Release on apple CAST
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Which one is the apple and which the honey
And an Apple Watch lmao
Apple support we need animoji why only Iphone x lisapjackson AppleSupport timcook stevewoz
Update. IOS11 Apple 
Apple s Lisa Jackson says the EPA hasnt changed leadership has changed
ugh sorry to hear Dann. still cant imagine how apple managed to ship such a shitty product.
How many billions Apple and Microsoft have sitting in a foreign bank because of detrimental tax rates Foreigners transfer National wealth.
It took Apple 10 bloody years to finally add a mobile data button in the slide up menu
Its still not. Its not like Im even getting the update. Maybe this is a message from Apple telling me to upgrade.
The apple update is straight ass flakes
Should Apple buy Tesla and make elonmusk CEO
Yes they are vocally talented. They get no recognition because all 3 of their songs on Apple Music are mediocre at best.
So like how yall got it because when I pressed download on apple they wasnt fwm
So Apple I guess I have to delete my contacts one by one right 
Cheapest Apple Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard Serial Number  European Communications press release registration
Apple Butterscotch Bars
Hey Prashant
Not all good things come from iOS updates 
my charger is starting to do the thing where you have to hold it at a certain angle to work big sigh but you know my ass aint leaving apple
cinnamon apple 
Hey MTV your app for Apple TV is actually the worst.
Apple pay soo clutch 
Convinced Apple just doesnt want me to buy their products
This iemail deletion thing is a known issue. Def worth reporting to the Apple .
I liked a YouTube video
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple s iOS 11 kills old 32bit iPhone and iPad apps
iOS 11s best feature lets you put a couch anywhere you want  CNET Commentary Apple s
Apple should give us 15 free gb of icloud storage instead of 5
iPhone 8 has a low carbon footprint says Apple VP  CNET Lisa Jackson head of Apple s
Honeycrisp is definitely the best apple
I withdraw all my apple watch complaints now that Ive found the Toy Story face 
Apple Increases Cellular Download Limit for App Store to 150MB...
Why the Apple update got bars instead of dots for the service I liked the dots
Wow I only needed to totally factory reset my phone for the new update Thanks Apple
God speed iOS11 Apple 
Honored to receive my second award from New Apple .
ok apple is the new lgbt icon with these new backgrounds 
I will not apologize for eating an apple bc its so good the noise is worth it
Someone tell me how I would update the Apple Watch now
The latest The Tree Stump Removal Cost Daily
Do you cut a pizza roll Of course not because its packaged for handson eating like an apple .
Apple you have fully ruined your iPhones with IOS11 its awful
... what
THE APPLE WATCH HAS TOLD ME TO BREATHE TWICE TODAY. I TOLD IT TO GO FUCK ITSELF. THIS IS THE MAGA I WAS WAITING FOR
Apple why animoji only Iphone x we need animoji at all phone huh timcook stevewoz animojiiiii lisapjackson
hoping apple is reading all the complaints re the decision to remove the 3d touch multitask feature iOS11
Easy. No Adams apple or tricep development. Its more or less a female. Yikes
screenshotting is so annoying why they do that to us apple why
Aww. Want the signal strength dots back. Bars are boring Apple  iOS11
Guys on Apple Music YOU HAVE TO LISTEN TO THE ENTIRE SONG IM HOPING YOURE DOING THAT
iOS 11 is out but i will never forgive apple for changing their most gorgeous dynamic UI for the music app into this garbage 
Apple fucked some shit up in iOS 11
Here are the iOS 11 features Apple didnt tell you about  CNET
Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played w
Apple s FaceID
I spent 9 minutes working out with Apple Health. 42 calories burned. LoseIt
I got the 7plus so this update should fuck w my phone too much if it do im going to apple and grabbing a new phone lol dead ass
NOW SWIRLING   Apple Pie New York Cheesecake Green Apple Sorbet and NSA Praline 
Instead Apple did the opposite. When your phone appeared to be on LTE but marginal WiFi was available itd SWITCH TO THE BAD WIFI.
IMAC APPLE KEYBOARD USED WITH TWO USB PORTS Apple KEYBOARD
I think there should be a double tap function on the volume and brightness to have it switch between maximum and minimum Apple
Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played w
Apple offered me 90 to trade in my MacBook and get a new one lol fuck off
The climate and America are a hot mess right now but Oreo new apple pie flavor gave me 20 small moments of joy this week yum
RT businessinsider 6 new things coming to the Apple Watch 
Screenshots Oh no honey on Apple we do screen recordings ios11 
When will there be a recently closed tab in safari with iPhone Apple AppleSupport
businessinsider 6 new things coming to the Apple Watch 
You know whats actually pretty awesome Apple Pay.
Gotta catch up with the Ravens shoutout to this Apple TV
Apple Music for Android updated with user profiles voice command support Beats 1 app shortcut recently played widget Chris WelchThe Ve 
Come share music with me on Apple Music
1 reason why I dont buy apple products they dont last. They even said that you shouldnt expect them to last more than a year. 
Lmfao why my cousin just say let me use yo Apple Watch one day Ima just fake look at it when my phone ring like the shit belong to me
Press power button 5 times to lock out biometrics
You should try apple Jax its really good
I have to go to the damn apple store to fix my phone
Apple nosey
Check Out The Hidden Features in Apple s iOS 11
apple juice NiallHoranNoFebreTeen
Apparently I embarrassed my son by purchasing precut apple slices and grapes that were in a mickey head shaped container. 
Heres a bit of happiness today. My angel my cinnamon apple . Normani Kordei Hamilton. 
Tim Cook on DACA  This is are we human  ClipTrends VideoTrends NewsPolit Apple Biggest Ceo CNNMoney
Just drank some apple juice thats been in my fridge for a while  I truly believe it fermented into wine bc that did not taste right
apple pie NiallHoranNoFebreTeen
Of course Ima make sure to have the apple juice for you
Apple Thanks for fucking up my perfectly working iPhone 6. Great way to get people to buy a new phone. Done with you. Selling the iPad too.
iOS 11 still didnt put the add to up next button BACK into apple music where it used to be so you can throw this whole shit out
I think its available on the App Store for Apple  not sure about Android
Which apple designer thought it was a good idea to change the punctuation keyboard so no one knows where anything is I just wanna talk
Apple Music is better
Im really feeling the new iOS update from Apple
Follow me on Apple Music Kings. 
Whatchu... fucking apple auto correct
Apple updates are to improve not add on more junk to make it look new and cool notinnovating
Ouch. Apple Watch Series 3 Untethered and Unreliable
I really want a caramel apple
Apple s iPhone X iPhone 8 lack a feature the Galaxy S8 rocks  CNET
Also I feel Apple is going to start pricing itself out of its own market. Its products are ridic. expensive to begin with. Pushing too far.
Apple takes EBT now Lol
Had to give in a order me a Apple Watch
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
I literally hate Apple at the moment
TheRealHackSpot Probably a stretch but any thing on Apple TV anti revoke It gets annoying having to resign kodi every week
The best improvement in iOS 11 is that Apple removed the landscape mode on the home screen on the plus phones.
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple 
Join Robinhood  well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for FREE. Use my link to get free stock
Apple acknowledges cellular issues in new watch
This new AppStore icon Come on Apple . This is beyond an acceptable simplificationyou are destroying your own design . iOS11 Apple 
I tried to transition Google Play and Apple s Attempt but I always went back to Spotify
Yall giving us everything except for group FaceTime Apple
iPhone X production may face further delay analyst warns  CNET Chip analyst says production of Apple s newest fl
Why you spell bone apple teeth so weirdly
Is buying this new Apple Watch worth it
no maaaam sure didnt but i waited a lil after the launch because everybody was updating and apple likes to crash i really like it
Apple  Buy Now Despite The iPhone X Shipment Timing  Seeking Alpha
Apple Falls After Analyst Report Indicates Weak iPhone 8 Demand  Bloomberg
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Apple iPad Pro 10.5inch Design 256GB WiFi  Cellular ROSE GOLD  NEW
If you dont want the wireless charger then go for the Apple accessories.
App Store  Welcome to the newAppStore  Apple
We grade the Apple Watch and iPhone 8 The 359 Ep. 287  CNET
tonights special dessert apple cinnamon cashew cheesecake  wheatfree oat based crust
Apple screen recording is cool and all but we still dont got group facetime my guy
Alv this new update fancy.. Feels like I have the iPhone 8 jokes on apple hehe
Just got a whole new phone for free from the Apple Store
Apple sets new 150MB ceiling for over the air App Store downloads
You plug in your router. Does that not give you wireless internet
So we still dont have two way FaceTime calls apple  By the way this update is so ugly . Not updating my phone. Apple
Apple Thanks for fucking up my perfectly working iPhone 6. Great way to get people to buy a new phone. Done with you. Selling the iPad too.
Real soon like maana tomorrow
Apple Falls After Analyst Report Indicates Weak iPhone 8 Demand
this uber driver and his apple are gonna be the death of me.
is Samsung Note 8 better than Apple X
Been to the top of the aerial a few times. All that steel and it blows like a tiny branch in the wind. Had to do it. Did it but
Why the fucj u at the apple store what happen there
In a resume Where would that go Id hope potential employers dont see that video.
Grilled quail from thegranarysa  Alabama barbecue sauce  anson mills cream peas apple 
App Store  The Quest for Kicks  Apple
the only time were gonna see all the college kids back in casey county is during the apple festival
Add me on Apple Music
App Store  Karaoke at Home  Apple
App Store  Monument Valley 2  Apple
Please help Murphy Hall win an Apple iPad mini. See how easy it is to help Murphy.
Had apples from picking the other weekend. Erica always makes an Apple pie once a year so who am I to tell her no you cant make a pie lol
Extreme Behavior by Hinder on Apple Music
Anyone have any good alternatives to Sling for tv streaming The app is terrible on the Apple TV.
And just like your article that favored Apple Music low and behold there are PLENTY that favor Spotify and its features compared to apples 
because why when the consumer can just opt out and buy from the competition.  apple knows this loss is a small margin.
Im changing this phone soon
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
The stupid apple didnt fall far from the stupid tree. Ivanka inherited her fathers ignorance of the English language.
Nice to see DoorDash integrated Apple Pay. Also they have more and better restaurants vs competitors around SF peninsula at least.
I loveee apple juice thats all I drink
Also opposed  mothers apple pie makers American Flag sowers
Apple TV
Im making my bird boy head out of baklava  bomb apple tit
Apple doubles down on heart rate monitoring wupcoming Apple Watch update announces Stanford studyMobiHealthNews
where tf is my cinnamon apple
Starting to know how artists feel when they misplace their stylus. WHERE ARE YOU APPLE PENCIL
first snag on the mac. tried to install brew it require xcode stuff then need apple id then need credit card. then stackoverflo n hours
Apple no more bubbles iOS11
Apple TV
Tinder tops Apple App Store with new feature  BBC News
Thanks apple photos memories made a sad collage of panarin 
eBay Deals  applebees 50 each food meals replace card. for apple gold locations only.
I want to have a party but no drugs no alcohol just soda and apple cider
Will you be buying one of apple s new iPhones  via wired
Apple acknowledges cellular connectivity problem in new Apple Watch Series 3 GPS 
And an Adams apple homegirl looks strong af in the face.
Apple Watch Series 3 reviews Freedom from iPhone great but batterylife and connectivity issues  9to5Mac
Not so much the heights but the sudden stop.
Family sharing iCloud storage just might be the best thing Apple has done since iTunes Match
Just posted a new recipe Apple Cranberry Crisp If it looks good to you retweet it vegetarian Food
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree.
Hey AppleSupport Apple . Amazing iOS 11 update AppStore completely refuses to update and install apps Maybe SamsungMobile can help 
TrigaFTW  Surface Tension on Apple Music
Hi Paul My uncle absolutely loves Rogers NHL LIVE . Sorry to hear of your experience with the App on Apple TV. clh
I like ios 11 Its a shame ill be getting a samsung soon LOL fuck apple though
If you eat an apple from the bottom you can eat the whole thing JGfact
This might be bigger than Apple X Hahahahaha... Better switch to Android
Apple  New watch has cellular connectivity problems
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
His projection
My Apple music insists on pausing when these videos automatically start playing on Twitter. Im not having it.
Many unusual and locally important cultivars with their own unique taste and appearance exist apple conservation campaigns have sprung up
Bobby Orr and Don Cherry Scarecrows In the Apple AlwaysInSeasonBGS ExploreCanada Canada150 CultureDays DonCherry BobbyOrr 
Apple I really dont understand U guys. We dont need an announcement that we are in MB msgs..etc. thats not a  chg. ios11update
App Store Monument Valley 2 Apple
carrot apple celeryjuiceS156th cup
DAY 2 Jackson Apple Festival Part 4
exactly. and a boss does NOT want a trouble maker...no matter HOW Good you are...but then again....Music and Writer SMH
apple hill season
Just downed 3 Doritos locos tacos and an apple empanada and I have no shame
Guys Im starting this thing where I drink coconut oil with apple cider vinegar while chanting Hillary Clinton to lose weight
Apple really needs to rethink their life
The decision to publish on iTunes or Apple Music is made by the artist label or distributor.
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple Cinnamon French Toast Bake
Why That 3 Organic Apple Might Not Be Organic After All
Showing once again that politics has no place in national pastimes. Whats next genuflect before apple pies
Apple Admits Its New Apple Watch Series 3 Has a Big Problem  TIME
APPLE ALERT ENTER NOW FOR YOUR CHANCE TO GET A BRAND NEW IPHONE X
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Slow Cooker Apple Butter BBQ Ribs
Apple AppleSupport what is this on iOS 11 Iran  Israel 
Started using AdobePremiere in school its a pretty decent editor. If only it werent subscriptionbased. Apple Final Cut X it is then.
Ive climbed water towers.... Im to clumsy to risk it
iPhone X production may face further delay analyst warns  CNET Chip analyst says production of Apple s newest...
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
Apple acknowledges cellular connectivity problem in new Apple Watch Series 3 GPS  Cellular
Why Even the Apple TV 4K Will Remain an Apple Hobby  Apple News
My accounting class is so quiet my apple crunching is practically echoing
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
Apple Watch software litty too
I was blocked by both of them also and never had heard of them lol
Ive tried to tell him that but he thinks Im the imbecile.
Twitter just suspended 16 accounts that were posing as Apple tech support
I have plenty of complaints about Apple products. But my level of rage is equivalent to the actual problem.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB RED  Sprint Smartphone wWarranty 7322124
Review Cujo an unobtrusive smart firewall for the connected home
Brian X. Chens Apple Watch Series 3 Review
Reacting to  iPhone X introducing iPhone X Apple  By Apple Themselves
My mom bought me OATMEAL AND APPLE SAUCE AND PHO WHAT A GEM
Gratitude for apple farmers bee keepers  CUESA JackLondonSqFM as the Jewish New Year begins. Wishing everyone a sweet RoshHashanah 
At the Apple iPhone store. Roger
Joanna Sterns Apple Watch Series 3 Review Untethered All Day
Why cant you use other IDEs like Eclipse or IntelliJ
What did you do to safari Apple it wants me to google everything not autofill to my most used sites
Honestly the only thing that fall has on summer is apple cider
How is it out on Spotify already and not Apple music so jealous
Im fine w 8 Plus wife wants the X. Im most excited about Apple 4K TV. Now I need native YouTube TV on Apple TV and byebye Comcast tv
Apple IPad 2 64GB WiFi  3G ATT Unlocked 9.7in  Black  Grade A R Price ...
speak aboiut this apple event you need to be posting on the village message board
About to download this iOS 11 this see how apple trys to reinvent its self again .
Why does Apple insist on screwing with things that arent broke iOS11
Apple hello 
Thanks apple because I have to drain my battery to hear music because they think is a good idea not being able to do both at the same time
I ate an apple for a snack instead of a slice of pizza yes a slice of pizza is a snack. Queen me.
WiCnet whats up with the podcast On Apple all I hear is the intro music then it goes blank.
watchOS4 is a bad update Apple
D smol qtpie hunnie bunch sugar plum pumpy umpy umpykin ure my sweetie pie ur my cuppy cake gumdrop snckm shckm snwm the apple of my eye and
 I GOT APPLE CIDER BITCHESSSS
Rosh Hashana away from home is so depressing honestly like Im just up here not even being able to afford an apple
If anyone would like to get me a new laptop itd be greatly appreciate. Dell Apple HP Acer
I HAVE APPLE JUICE Life is good again.
Looking for a Apple Watch
Fall means a rustic apple galette
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone EXCELLENT CONDITION
TIKL Available for FREE in Android Market and Apple AppStore. Yo its just like VOXER DOWNLOAD IT NOW .4
iphoneSuperSale Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold TMobile Apple Warranty
this is way too many buttons wtf apple u trick ass bitch 
SKELETAL ANN THE MAN COULTER WITH AN ADAMS APPLE .
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
Apple unveils iPhone 8 the iPhone X 
The devices really do help The reminders go a long way. I my Apple Watch.
40 stories up  nothing between you  the concrete cept a little 4 inch beam Ah now thats Gods country lol
App Store  Karaoke at Home  Apple
App Store  Welcome to the newAppStore  Apple
App Store  The Quest for Kicks  Apple
Apple s Beautiful Chicago River Store Opens October 20 Updated  Mac Rumors
App Store  Monument Valley 2  Apple
I get to wear scrubs.... kinda like pjs
I think Im gonna wait it out till I decide to get the 8 or till Apple makes the 7s act slow haha
I DONT HAVE APPLE MUSIC EKDKSKKSOS
Apple all these updates and yet we still cant mark text messages as unread
En Apple 49.99 on Aliexpress 4 
PROD Resource Robust Spread Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Apple didnt fall too far from the tree when it comes to being a good father hands down my brother has that 
Yup. What you do online supplements your resume. Good or bad. DERP
Piano bar playlists on Apple Music 
yas kween why did apple take away the dots and put a service bar back its SO ugly fuck im boo boo the fucking fool at this point
2 slice toaster cover apple blossoms and apples
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11 
Apple wont ever be the same anymore thats why.
Good he likes to upset the apple cart.
You should also consider all those people using the three month free on your favored Apple Music 
with this new iPhone update  Im about to just delete snap. Yalll not bout to get me caught up Apple . Good try though little guy
Apple can you stop making iphones and updates so you guys can just make a softball emoji thats all I want
I wanna record a PR AND listen to my PR song maddie
Im almost sure the next iOS Apple update will want a blood sample from you so they can help make your iphone life easier...
Apple LAW OF GRAVITY
FXCanada You had all summer to fix your Apple TV app. Still crashes after commercials.Only fix is to uninstallreinstall.Then OK for a bit
NowPlaying Jay Mcghee  Duck Em Remix ft. DJ Ms. Hypnotique on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
US BTSARMY lets get BTStwt to Hot100  Please continue to stream on Apple Music Spotify YT  whatever platform ur using for Hot100  
This is so awkward but shsj  Apple  
Apple my phones freezing.
I need new ear phones cause these apple ones not loud enough
Note 8 and Gear S3  the Apple stuff
If it were somewhere other than itunes or on apple anything
Technology Should you worry about Apple Watch Series 3 LTEs connection issue
Yall should know what apple is on by now. If you update to iOS 11 and your gets nerfed thats on you.
Testing the Apple Watch Series 3
I cant stand apple music even with a free 6 months I cant deal Im going back to spotify
He would actually be perceived as a threat to others at the company should he get hired. The liability is something you cant deal with..
Im now 71 in Muay Thai and on October 14th Ill be fighting for my 5th title in the big Apple Ill have tickets soon 
The amount of times I can lose my Apple TV Remote in one sitting is nothing short of astonishing. 
The new Apple Watch check your heart rate if you dont send one to ya grandma u dont love her
how long can i keep ios 10 before i accidentally let my phone update i wanna get off the apple update train
Apple IPhone 6  64GB  Silver GSM Unlocked Smartphone Price 152.50 View and Buy ...
Im just waiting to get this Apple Watch... dassit. Should go ahead and preorder buttttt
Oh thats iOS11 the latest software update for Apple products
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11 
https itunes.apple.comprofiledyslex icputa  hmu on apple music
Gona slip out of work and see if I can get a double Henny and Apple juice. The pain is real
Apple s iOS 11 Increases the Limit for OvertheAir App Store Downloads to 150MB
What if I went really crazy and made it a gouda apple bread
lol I get to run my business in my jammies....Dont go there..lol Its an internet business...
Kind of consider it a failure that UPS has had a tracking number for me for days items are almost here and Apple still says preparing...
maybe I should switch from music. Apple thinks my heart is broken. 
the new toy store is the apple store
I had a party of 12 come in prayed gave me their apple dumplings they made and gave me 40. I promise there is still good in this world.
 Apple finally made it easy to share WiFi passwords in iOS 11  The Independent
Apple honey you should warn us
Connectivity Problems with Apple Watch Series 3
Apple s Sneaky Secret That Doomed The iPhone 7S
Apple  Buy Now Despite The iPhone X Shipment Timing
We grade the Apple Watch and iPhone 8 The 359 Ep. 287
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
Apple Watch hit by reports of connectivity issues
App Store  Monument Valley 2  Apple 
As Apple slows fastmoving Chinese rivals gain in wealthy markets
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
App Store  Karaoke at Home  Apple 
Pissed my Apple Music shit wont let me be a college student
I Uncovered a Group of Scammers Posing as Apple Support Technicians
Thank you HCHSPTO for the apple  We have the best parent partners greeting us at 6 AM
App Store  Welcome to the newAppStore  Apple 
Apple Watch Series 3 Reviews Freedom From iPhone Held Back by LTE and Battery Life Concerns  Mac Rumors
Testing the Apple Watch Series 3
Is the new iPhone worth the price We took a closer look here
Afraid of heights
App Store  The Quest for Kicks  Apple 
Apple s new AppStore rules say devs must provide alternative to FaceID for kids under 13
hey Apple ios11 is fucking trash
Apple upgrades Safari for older versions of macOS
Apple cake and Sam rosen 
follow me on apple music for some sexy ass playlists  
Well I ate an Macintosh Apple today and it is the 20th of September
Whereas at least with other companies Amazon and Apple comes to mind you actually get to talk to a real human person
Ill try that. Thanks for the tip.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
you do realize god is also a noun
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Apple s iPhone X iPhone 8 lack a feature the Galaxy S8 rocks  CNET
I wish I never accidentally threw my apple remote in the washing machine
Disappointed noone pointed out the overt sexism in tinder apple ad  definition of patriarchal Plus good girlbad boy rhetoric. Gruen
me forcing myself to listen to music that would look cute in my listening to on apple music ugh i listen to cupcakkes fatass song ONCE
Grown Folk Music Vol. 3 No Warning by Romeo Christian on Apple Music
I went up on a roof once. Once.
sportstori is the podcast on apple 
Thinking about getting an Apple Watch
Of course my apple watch is shitting the bed when the new one is around the cornerwtf
Shana Tova friends I made apple and honey cake only this year I had to make it gluten free. Lets hope it turns out. RoshHashanah
This is still one of the best bits out there. billburr apple
Great the iPhone 8 starts at 700
Apple s ARKit will innovate the everyday via Instapaper
About to go to apple 5th ave just to see if they persuade me to get something I dont need but I want.
Apple is working on a fix for Watch Series 3 LTE issues
HES MY CINNAMON APPLE I LOVE HIM SO MUC H
Apple 
screen recording is the best thing that apple has ever done
I almost fell asleep sitting up. I havent been this tired in a while. Shower fresh baked apple crisp and then bed.
I liked a YouTube video
Lets get you back to enjoying your music. Does music still play through the speakers of your Apple device
I also wield a pipewrench professionally. Sometimes I even use it as a pipe wrench instead of a hammer or valve wrench
really APPLE is waiting 10 days to recover your icloud really necessary
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch  The Edge Markets
PushAwardsMayWards My name is granny smith apple bluebells i have a very big beige eyes LIT showing na
Apple today keeps people away. 
Face The Kings second SINGLE Inside is now available on iTunes Spotify Apple Music Amazon and soon to be...
FuckTheElite facebook Google Microsoft Apple Boeing Greedy fucks Your time is so short I can taste you wasteless CorporateGreed dying
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
Apple Music in iOS 11 
30 million in US subscribe to Spotify Apple Music and other sources
I agree Try turning off WiFi Networking under Location ServicesSystem Services. Seems like that might be eating some battery.
Stuart as a Christian do you support our immoral vulgar president
Apple Pie Oreos are freaking awesome Oreo
Apple yall niggas STILL aint got 3 way FT.
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
my Apple Watch takes forever to update .
Different body gets a new number
The TEA is exceptionally tasty today Apple
apple funny as hell. this was a random call 
AppleSupport Apple wore my series two to bed last night and woke with blistersburns. 1st time. Is there a barrier Suggestions. 
UPDATE 3 Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch 
Apple Watch Reviews  Why You Should Buy an...
Apple Miranda just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple is cutting down on how many cookies advertisers can force on to your devices with changes coming to iPhones
Coming soon GoToMobile Meeting for Apple AirPlay and Android Auto
Apple wyd I know Im on messages... but thanks for the reminder. 
You often see this shit in stores as an attempt to mimic and replace public space. See apple stores as town squares
I would give you a room by yourself and let ya go at it... lol
Apple s secret workout lab could lead to a super powerful Apple Watch
walks around then grabs a apple from the tree then eats it
And now this feature removed in watchOS4. Ive been reading many tweets from Apple Watch users complaining about this.
How long before the Obama appointees are out of the administration Its 9 months in and its still a wormy apple .
Well then I guess it comes as no surprise that Trumps father was also a racist. Apple definitely doesnt fall far from the tree.
I liked a YouTube video
His resume tells me please have armed security supervision while on prem.
I liked a YouTube video
iPhone Goodness Apple iOS 11 Overview
Apple HomePod Faces Tough Odds Against Amazon Echo in Connected Home Market
this is the future that Apple wants.
Review Apple Watch Series 3
Top digitalprivacy story Apple cuts cookies  but there is more to come in th
Apple is about to score a multibillion dollar deal to fix its iPhone storage problems
Oh that would be so just They are asking Apple NOT to beca disruptor because it hurts parasitic platforms
Ive been going through this thread and I dont understand whats an heirloom apple 
Ask the carriers
I asked Aiden what he wanted on his dessert table and he said I want Doritos mints and Apple Jacks hes 5
Thats the job I want lol one that I dont need lol
Weird. Im not having that issue. 
The adorable apple doesnt fall far from the tree....
PSA you can actually customize the menu and add it we livin in a new era 
I just witnessed someone eating a tomato like an apple and Im so unsettled
Home made apple pie is the best
I liked a YouTube video
Let me put you on to Carmel Apple Candy Suckers.
Im just now getting Apple music lmfao
Apple thanks for the new update after I installed iOS 11 all of my downloaded music completely disappeared off my phone.
New Apple 13 MacBook Air 1.8GHz Core i5 CPU 8GB RAM 2017 Newest Model 128GB by Apple 2
Its 59  Shipping to replace my Apple silicone case when its 40 to buy a new one... AppleSupport what is this Completely ridiculous
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Wheres my bronze trophy emoji  Apple
Erm so when you screenshot you have to go thru all this bs just to save it to camera roll APPLE WHY
Apple Watch Series 3 struggles to connect to LTE
snapchatsupport Im on the latest Snapchat update on iOS 11 and watchOS 4 and there is no app icon on my Apple Watch 
Apple juice 
Not kidding and includes the link in his resume.
The new iphonex home button. iphone apple gamedev ios xcode gaming indiedev mobilemarketing 
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Bluetooth  WiFi cant be fully disabled via iOS 11 Control Center Apple says
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast episode 574
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
You know how scientists hate to agree. 90 of climate scientists agree on humans causing global warming. Fewer than 3 are in other camp.
Apple Acknowledges Cellular Connectivity Problem in New Watch
Apple Watch Series 3 struggles to connect to LTE
As RevDrBarber has said so eloquently racism is American as apple pie..
those who use the bad apple excuse never examine the barrel the apples come from...
As an IT professional I think apple should pay my salary on days they push iOS upgrades. Seems all I do is walk users thru fixing issues
Noza 1 Golden Apple kkkkk Fiz 26 Kills v 
That might get an interview at the Waffle House but lord only knows how far away it is
since you can see others music on apple music send me your profile lol
Its like apple is on a crusade to slowly remove as much functionality from their devices as possible. Genuinely frustrating.
Made smittenkitchen avocadocucumber salad tonight  would really like to make apple  honey cakes rather than work
Apple Highlighting 4K HDR Movies in iTunes Ahead of Apple TV 4K Launch
Ill have the guys at the Apple store take a look at it.
bro i updated my phone and now i dont got service. apple fix this
iOS 11 makes me wanna get a Note 8 even more thanks for helping me pull the trigger Apple
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
NikeRunning Apple Strava cont and since its my GPS data lets me export to wherever I want like Strava andor Nike or anywhere else.
I dont think its idiocy an idiot is unaware of the idiot thing he is doing or saying... Apple was fully aware and they did it anyway...
Apple s new ARKit and the next tech disruption
Still comes with a charger dont believe everything you hear
New flavors of the week...homemade apple pie  black cherry ice cream see ya soon The Scoop
You know youd think Apple would have spongebob in its dictionary and it doesnt
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB PRODUCT RED VerizonFactory Unlocked BRAND NEW SEALED
So with iOS 11 I set Siri up to be a british male and its so soothing. Also its the best update ever and I will use Siri now Apple
Apple HomePod Faces Tough Odds Against Amazon Echo in Connected Home Market
Im a farm girl that started my own company....while dispatching 18 wheelers for 15 years. lol
Apple HomePod Faces Tough Odds Against Amazon Echo in Connected Home Market
Apple HomePod Faces Tough Odds Against Amazon Echo in Connected Home Market
Apple Watch Series 3 Review Untethered and Unreliable
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch  More at FactPatrol
Standing ovation for Apple for this. 
Apple Admits Its New Apple Watch Series 3 Has a Big Problem  TIME what the watchOS is going on here
Why shawty eat the Apple though why I gotta go through this every month though
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB  Rose Gold Sprint MNR82LLA MUST READ ABX
iphone Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray TMobile Smartphone A
I Uncovered a Group of Scammers Posing as Apple Support Technicians
Movie Player for Apple TV with tons of extra features
its like an apple
I think Im in love with iOS11  This update is fantastic. apple update winning
Top story Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple  
Everybody with fye music taste need to make a Apple Music profile so niggas can share playlist n shit
OK BUT NOT JUST WOMEN BUT LITERALLY EVERYONE THAT HAS AN APPLE PRODUCT RT TO LITERALLY SAVE A LIFE
what kinda bullshit ass 2gig update is this apple
New Apple iPhone 7 Plus Product Red 128GB Factory Unlocked
Not all. I know of at least 2 on here that are quite charming.
15 iOS 11 changes Apple didnt tell you about
1 if you jump off a building
Apple users know nothing
This is so cool Thanks timcook and Apple for making so many dreams come true. Love you TheEllenShow
10 ZOUXIN Apple Premium EarphonesHeadphonesEarbuds with Stereo MicrophoneRemoteThe Best
We all know you have an Apple device no need to flaunt all screenshots of you updating to iOS11 SESHH. y u no chill
My boss has no idea what to do with me cause he knows I dont really need the money I only come to work cause I really like what I do lol
Apple Worker Have you tried turning it off and back on again
NikeRunning Apple Strava I need an applewatch app that doesnt crash gives me average pace HR distance time audio cues cont
Does tequila and apple juice go together askingforafriend
Sink or Float Apple boats r good to float sciencediscovery priceless truejoy
follow my apple music  kiarahttp
I put mines on my Apple Pay. Too clutch
Apple just a thought for next iOS release deaf does not need to be autocorrected to dead. Just saying.
Updated to iOS 11 and I cant use my 3D Touch to switch apps.eat a dick Apple . Now I have to use the home button like Im uncivilized.
So far we dont have any major catastrophes with our latest apple update
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver Comments
 RT amethystxmw Tristan x Apple . StarMagicBallFanFave Maymay Entrata StarMagicBallFanFave Edward Barber Pus  
At least this bad apple fell off the tree and is not in law enforcement anymore.
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Shares Behind the Scenes Look at New Holiday Ad The Song
Personally love combining design aspects of Lego midstorm with the coding elements. Also Apple with their SwiftPlayground has good range.
Apple why the FUCK did yall think it was a good idea to get rid of the auxiliary port on iPhones I just want to know why. WHY.
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
See this AmazonGiveaway for SunRype Apple Mango Strawberry Carrot.... NoPurchNec
I should have uploaded a fancam of Chen but apple is so selfish
Intels latest chip is delayed again. Its almost as if they WANT Apple to develop their own chips.
Bone apple tea
Ima grab that new Apple Watch
Sucks but dont blame Apple  fuck your pixelated hoes and move on
New Apple iPhone 7 Plus Product Red 128GB Factory Unlocked
Can confirm. Device is visibly more sluggish with everything. Great work Apple . Just...peachy.
iOS 11 first impressions iPhone 8 coming soon Apple Watch Series 3 early reviews Macworld Podcast
Yes I just renewed my apple music today as well. I thought that may have been the problem
30 million in US subscribe to Spotify Apple Music and other sources
Apple Releases iOS 11
Hey apple  thanks for the AppleTV update. Wheres Amazon Prime Video app we were promised
Thing is...there is ALWAYS someone else better.
Toshiba decides on Bain Apple group in chipbusiness sale
Uhhhh help. Where did my camera go AppleSupport Apple 
You know its facts. Biting that Apple set the standard. So blame eve
Just when you trying to get comfy in the recliner and this damn Apple Watch talking bout time to stand bye
30 million in US subscribe to Spotify Apple Music and other sources
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
scotty should have listed white privilege on his resume instead of intersectional collectivist studies maybe
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
These are Apple s 10 largest acquisitions ever topped by its 3 billion play for Toshibas chip
Bah I never wanted to be like them in the first place Im a construction wrkr who trades stock  its a toss up which makes me more
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
At this point Im pretty certain Apple puts catnip in all their cable products...
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
Apple Dominates Tablet Sales amid Market Decline
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Apple pancakes for breakfast with tasty apples from JohanWiding
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
apple the fact the dock is square while the icons have rounded corners makes me uncomfortable please fix it so my ocd doesnt kill me
Wondering if Nick1Boston2 can bake an apple pie 
Protected Apple Watch Series 3 A New Era of Smartwatches
Why does my cellphone decided to be on its period. Literally starting to hate iphones... Apple
For some reason Apple figured we needed big ass titles within apps because we like our iPhones to look like Jitterbugs.
Apple is about to score a multi billion dollar deal to fix its iPhone storage problems
Speck  SeeThru Hard Shell Case for 13 Apple  MacBook Air Clear  eBay
Apple got crafty with this update
this update looks like fisher price and apple did a collab
Dude Apple podcasts app is so fucking garbage on iOS 11
ICTMrP Would be v grateful for a retweet to see if I can accumulate a bank of ideas as to how to use my Apple TV.
Apple s iOS11 update The good bad and ugly
If that boy were an apple hed be delicious 
AppleSupport why doesnt Apple make it possible to add grocery store members rewards cards into the wallet app Seems like a logical step.
Its apple season. These apple fritter loaves are simply put....amazing applefritterbread 
Its the spirit of the thing. Have an apple and some honey and call it a win. Plus wine. Always wine.
2017 Chevrolet Cruze Hatchback Heated Seats Apple Carplay MSRP 24155 6000 OFF NEW Cruze Hatchback Automatic He
Hey Apple . Just how smart is this new Siri  
sanroccocanecorso butterfly petbutterfly we now have a pet butterfly its eating an apple .
Wow... Apple fanboys are... umm passionate. 
kohls why do I have to wait 35 days for someone to call me back to activate my card on Apple pay
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
I only want an Apple TV so I can airplay porn from my phone onto the TV fuck yall opinions
go haywire so everyone buys the iPhone 7 8 X. It wont let me use any apps not made by apple either. Honestly im so fucking done22
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Using iTunes to put my music on my iPhone makes me want to obliterate babies with a shovel. Thanks Apple .
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
Thanks for your kind words Im glad you enjoyed the interview Mark
The Bluetooth and WiFi toggle in control center dont actually turn it off. They just disconnect them. Have to do it in settings now
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Most of the core complains are valid. The level of rage is on the person. Sure. But making excuses for apple isnt rational.
I mean a grand to own a device just for the brand is sad. Im for more performance. Im not saying Apple has bad performance but
Saludos al compa jcimusicoficial for dropping a single on Apple Music Go check it out We see you bro Do it for La Raza 
froot loops or apple jacks  apple jacks miss me w froot loops theyre gross
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11 Apple today is releasing its
Its the selling point to be able to browse entire music library from connected iPhone via Apple Watch without needing to download first.
Im not trying to get an iPhone. Verizon cancelled my wifes already approved vacation because she has to work for the iPhone launch.
Check out Speck  SeeThru Hard Shell Case for 13 Apple  MacBook Air Clear UnbrandedGeneric
Pork Belly With SlowRoasted Winter Vegetables And Apple And Sage Sauce via rrecipes
Play Healthy Load of Points instantwingame for a chance to win apple orange yum fit
I like the new apple update lol
AppleSupport Apple Music is complaining my phone isnt authorized after updating to 11 any pointers
i asked my mom if she could buy apple cider and she fuckin yelled at me um okay then whatever bitch
superstar smtown u gotta use korean app storekorean apple id to get it tho
Galvin Green Rex Junior Insula Green Apple GreenWhite
Follow me on Apple Music for some bomb playlists
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Apple Pie
A nectarine is a good substitute for an apple  right Its still summer fruit season. No apples.
Haha sorry. App Store Optimization it seems like apple prefers apps that have been on the store for longer so I would have to lose ranking
Apple Pie
Apple Watch gains new heart rate features in watchOS 4  iDownloadBlog
EBook Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 70 by Dec 1
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch 
I spent 32 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Exactly. Most employers are doing Google searches looking for social media presence. Read something negative no interview.
Lets team up to resolve this. Are you an Apple Music or iTunes Match subscriber
Bout to order my Apple Watch
Same . The specs are on the apple site
The Apple podcasts app
Mine is missing 
Im still tryna figure out why I dont have an Apple Watch
sooooo is apple gonna fix the update bc the battery life sucks 10x more than it did before ios 11 
Apple Pie
Its funny to see how Uber is trying to show us like they care about privacy but the truth is its because Apple forced them to 
NFL ratings r  cable ratings subscriptions r . Iphonex r not like Apple other iPhones had been n the past like its getting real
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Last night I accidentally called 911 on my Apple Watch while having sex and I had to tell the operator that i had no real emergency
Why does my Apple Watch not think a 60 minute bike ride should count as exercise
2017 Chevrolet Cruze Hatchback Heated Seats Apple Carplay MSRP 24155 6000 OFF NEW Cruze Hatchback Automatic He
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11 
apple gotta b the worst fuckin shit but you wouldnt catch me dead w no android
Okay this screen recording is too creepy....no one is safe yall Apple
Look up Chad Sigma Apple Pie on Twitter you will find soooo many results
How do they not get that completely wireless is stupid Its like Apple removing the headphone jack. Ethernet is necessary.
66K in the hole for a masters and not bright enough to anonymous on social media
Wtf my iPhone 7 is actually starting to bug out Apple i know you are watching I am not buying a new phone you fucking scammers
New in iOS11 Apple appleinsider AppleNews iphone 33 
netanyahu Wonderful to see you both enjoying The Big Apple  You made the day for so many And such lovely weather too
iOS 11 looks good well done apple 
One of my neighbors keeps connecting to my Apple TV and wont stop playing a YouTube video of someone typing on a type writer...
Been stuck on this screen for hours.
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
LoveWithFood I love to dehydrate crisps of apple  plaintain.... anything really But mine arent as good 
That sounds really good Maybe with a little apple butter too
zomg. The new apple Timer lets you do seconds now. Wow 10 Years
Save an apple and an orange from breakfast and then eat them later. lovewithfood
New in iOS11 Apple appleinsider AppleNews iphone 23 
Thanks Apple I love my new Android phone iOS11
Very tite article by Rawckus Magazine Absinthe Moon is available now Stream it on Spotify or purchase at Apple ...
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
Thought wed take a look at both sides. It may be interesting. Tim Cook  Apple CEO  Mich Bloomberg need DACA skill workers. Why USA
Why the Apple Watchs LTE problems arent really problems
Warm Apple Pie w Vanilla Ice Cream
iPhone 7. Thanks Apple 
Apple sucks right now and I own a 6S
JFC. The apple really doesnt fall far from the tree. These people should not breed.
My iPhone 6 keeps resetting itself. everything works fine hardware wise. Current theory is Apple pushed out an update to make phones12
yes gibbons left Anderson in way too long.
So what you really telling me is that some of you are willing to buy an IPhone X for 999 and not buy a few shares in Apple 
Wmatstworse tha bitcng into an apple and finding a worm Getting eaten by a giant scorpion.
If you are the owner and you have the sales invoice you can visit Apple store and then may be able to reset. need to prove ownership. GL.
thegreatkhalid will perfect be on apple music
Lol the visual
New in iOS11 ... Apple appleinsider AppleNews iphone 13 
Retail AR apps may be witnessing a major breakthrough as several debut in concert with Apple s launch of iOS 11
Solved you probably navigated to apple .cm
Like iOS 11 like iPhone X so it respect the new Apple Policy  All Sucks
i mean like ive seen screenshots of it already which is why im like apple stop trying to improve things ur making it worse
Remember to stream DNA on Youtube Spotify and Apple Music If yall need any help with Spotify streaming dm me I heard we need to stream 
Out there Im known as Apple HeavenToes.
I hate the way that Apple Music looks a lot less now that my whole phone looks like it
If on social security or disability 50mo for meds is unaffordable Apple Watch is out of the question. AFibHRS
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
iPhone Smartphone Apple iPhone SE  32 Go  Or Rose
First time seeing this in ios Apple device now you can choose the app you want to open link nice technology ipad iPhone 
Man this update really ASS Apple
Ive been done with Apple for a long time. I can think of dozens of things that are more important than the DACA issue.
As Apple slows fastmoving Chinese rivals gain in wealthy markets
Apple Watch review Ditch the iPhone
yo Snapchat how u just let Apple bypass ur screenshot notifications with screen recording like that smh
Apple Acknowledges Cellular Connectivity Problem in New Watch
15 Apple MacBook Pro Core i5 2.53GHz Upgraded 8GB RAM 250GB SSD Mid 2010
App cards are WAY too easy to dismiss under ios11 . Ultra annoying Apple 
Got called to an abandoned suspect package Found a black bag containing apple and a fair bit of naughtiness jobsagooden getin 
spobforpresident wearenumbernet Fav Robbie moments Sportacus giving Robbie a halfeaten apple ...
Maybe you should take that up with the countries oppress  strip people of their freedom like Iran
Mark did a great job keeping his cool and professionalism in this interview. Lots of good info presented. I like the Taipan font you use.
Moisturizing Soap Green Apple Explosion Best Bar Soaps For Dry S
You dont. Or at least much less often than being able to listen to music while recording
I liked a YouTube video
Why Apple Should Buy Tesla and Make Elon Musk CEO
Download the best Athan app for iPhoneiPad Apple TV  Watch for FREE athanpro islam
Like I always said...I dont WANNA be like everyone else...I LIKE being Different.
Im reallyyyy trying to like Apple Music but the playlists suck compared to Spotify
love the apple migration wizard completely migrated my old mac to this awesome one
Apple Acknowledges Cellular Connectivity Problem in New Watch
I like how Apple put the original lock and home screen wallpaper... which for the home screen is just black.
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Apple how many rts for a free iPhone X Ya girl is broke.
I dont pretend that BlackBerry is still cool or grade any Apple product on an impossible curve.
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black UNLOCKED Smartphone
Apple s iPhone screen repair prices are now 20 higher
Candy Apple Pumpkins Recipe
Im still searching for more friends to add to my Apple Music me if u got a lit playlist
I Uncovered a Group of Scammers Posing as Apple Support Technicians
Apple Podcasts has changed its interface. This is easily the gravest crisis facing us as a nation.
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
When apple was a design worth not just expensive junk you overcharged people for. apple mac
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars tech
Apple s huge App Store makeover arrives today in iOS 11
I knew there were bad apples in my country but Im just like horrifically mortified now.
His includes the words Flash and Frontpage. Not kidding.
Dream bigger samdisalvo . I would like my laundry to just be magically done for me from anywhere.
Damn thats funny. I really needed a laugh today...
App Store  Welcome to the newAppStore  Apple
Im worried about Apple  Naming it iPhone 10 instead of X is a mistake. That red dot on the crown of Apple Watch And that remote
Apple fans such shadows So few details I will buy 10000 please
Apple HomePod faces tough odds against Amazon Echo in connected home market
https itunes.apple.comprofilethe1st mimzeehttpsitunes.apple.comprofilethe1stmimzee  Follow me on Apple Music
Why when I go to look at my notifications my phone locks Apple AppleSupport
I would google him first. Viewing his online presence would be enough to not even waste my time scheduling an interview.
Apple car play failing to connect with ios 11
Besides the Apple news app and this dadgum website what are the best apps out there for gettingreading the news
Apple Music Spinrilla anywheres fr just search King Tony
How to set up LTE and cellular service and how it works on Apple Watch
i want to update my phone but i dont want to fuck it up kjfdsljfsd apple always fucks me sideways with these updates i just want to live
Apple peach sauce with a bit of candied ginger. Happy New Year to me. 
Really really really trying to avoid ordering the new Apple Watch Ive wanted one for the longest but for the fuck what
bout to get my apple watch buss down
Thats lower than McDonalds...wont work for him. lol
KGI Apple to use FaceID on all iPhones next year
Crown Apple is lowkey too weak now.l though . Think Im immune
I have a pen I have an apple ugh apple pen
Power is the ability to say the right thing at the wrong time.  HST in old Apple commercial HunterSThompo HunterSThompson
Image from Apple blocking ads that follow users around web is sabotage says industry  Technology  The Guardian
UPDATE 3 Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch 
700 if you stfu
We grade the Apple Watch and iPhone 8 The 359 Ep. 287  CNET
Government corruption greedy elite  their lust for power control   is what causes their death. People kill ideas dont.
go to the apple store and ask for a cup for water. then fill the cup with iphones.
Yo Apple I dont appreciate yall messing up my radio when on Bluetooth with this new update
1 Spigen iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protector Tempered Glass  2 Pack  Case Friendly for Apple 
Bruh. Why you tweeting stuff like this as if apple is paying you for advertising. You work for a phone company that also supports android.
DJ Frosty 9 Oclock Mixtape 28 by DJ FROSTY on Apple Podcasts
Technology Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
A caramel apple sounds dank.
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch via rworldnews
UPDATE 3 Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Apple ApplePodcasts any reason why you unnecessarily complicated the Podcast app and iOS 11
Apple now lets you customize moving emoji with Animoji Apple today announced Animoji animated
ios 9 refuses to do anything anymore. you might win this time Apple
I misread this as  apple nachos and now Im slicing up an apple and covering it in dulce de leche
Watching the Woodstock documentary which features a cameo of Mom conspicuously eating an apple and best part creeping back into the shot. 
I liked a YouTube video
Casey County Apple Festival schedule for this week. 
...Right. Except in China. Apple is ok with not having values in regards to anything in China.
Raises hand thats me Im a trouble maker  a mutineer but Im also really good at what I do Ya gotta be if you wanna be a non conformist
Ive yet to see you accept any form of criticism when it comes to Apple . Always a rebuttal
I knew a few nice ones.... lol
If only Apple hired me man.
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Heres another talking Apple named Mac. Still have my Mac Plus in storage. 
Apple samsung or android  Samsung and Apple are brands and android is an oper...
iOS 11 looks great but what the fuck. No low battery mode in the swipe up menu Come on. Low energy. Apple
Would a rose gold Apple Watch look better with the gold phone or a black phone
Apple Music
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
the future is AI 
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
iMp432s  McLaren  Apple 
The Apple Watch Series 3 is the new iPhone
I like this new apple update
nestsupport Has the nest app not been updated for latest apple TV OS11 App crashes upon sign in on 2 devices even after restart.
BONE APPLE TEA
Why dont we call iPhone chargers apple juice
Everyone deserves a home go get a job doing something else instead of crying about your degree.
Retargeting takes a hit  Apple blocking ads that follow users around web. retargeting
iOS 11 How the onehanded and QuickType keyboards work
excursion to Apple Hill someone out there must raise heirlooms
LeapCard hey with Apple opening up the NFC chip a little under iOS 11 is there the prospect of a leap card iPhone app
Is any one elses Apple Music not working from the control center on iOS 11
Rosetta Stone Recognized with Mobile UX Award for Innovative iOS Mobile App
Absolutely they and only they have the accurate answer
What device are you on Android apple pc
jus lost my fuckin apple juice boy im mad as fuck
Apple Watch was the most amazing accessory Apple could have made
Weve all fallen for it myself included. ShaneDawsonWho conspiracytheory apple iOS11 shanedawson
One thing I can say I truly like about the new iOS 11 update is how nice it looks on pornhub. Thanks Apple
This Apple Watch update is taking forever and Im trying to get to the library
Rumor Intel Has Pushed 10nm Cannon Lake Back to 2018
RT DSLReports  Apple Confirms Cellular Data Flaw in New Apple Watch Series 3 
Four corner press for the win
My computer died while I was streaming DNA Im suing Apple for making my MacBook a BTS anti smh
a story as american as apple pie thank you
Apple Updates Apple Music for Android to Match iOS 11 Version
Apple pie Awesomer ...warm with ice cream Awesomest
Imagine if riley if had a neck that long AND that huge adams apple
that crown apple waiting on me
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
I fucking hate apple
Like why do I need to record my own screen
Bless you
iphoneSuperSale  NEW Factory SEALED Genuine Apple iPhone 6S 16GB  32GB Space Gray ATT AT
But like the bad apple always come back 
Apple iPhone Owners Love CNBC Hondas and HM Survey 
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Apple sets new 150MB ceiling for over the air App Store downloads
Fancy candy apple from Disney Disneyworld 
Review Apple Watch Series 3
Take ya shit to apple care and complain. If you guess I dont care then you right 
Apple s Next iPhone Will Be Hurt By Lack of Fingerprint ID Says KeyBanc
Happy Birthday to my favourite apple 
The iPhone update prompted a notification that said memories and redirected me to a slideshow of my ex and I. Ok Apple y u do this
Brand New Apple iPad Pro 9.7 WiFi 32GB  Space Gray via eBay
hold the brightness one  itll pop up
apple  hand grasping gavel ready to pound a wooden mark. Give me a god I can relate to. Commandments from a voice both soft and powerful
Apple iPad Air 2 with WiFi 32GB  White Gold via eBay
Ok help Apple Music or Spotify
In the middle of Pennsylvania damn Apple  that range is wild iOS11  at State College PA
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch  Reuters  Apple Incs on Wednesday conceded its latest sma...
lady apple support online how are you today me pretty good considering my phone is not working
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
How Apple s new Face ID compares to Microsofts Windows Hello
apple updates  lets make your old phone shittier so you have to get a new one
APPLE  App Store  The Quest for Kicks  Apple
APPLE  App Store  Karaoke at Home  Apple
Use your Macbook Pro or Apple Wireless keyboard as a MIDI controller for LogicPro
Apple is about to score a multibillion dollar deal to fix its iPhone storage problems One
I got to play around an apple orchard today. It was quite tasty Check it out
360WiseNews  Apple s Sneaky Secret That Doomed The iPhone 7S
I phone X HP Omega latest product apple Tv Galaxy S8 for my Android companion PS4 pro.. Apple home sound system...
Apple Watch hit by reports of connectivity issues  Shares in tech giant slip over questionable reviews for lat...
My dads girlfriend hooked us up with the cinnamon apple muffins from tims b4 they even out yet fuck all you guys
Hunter S. Thompsons Edgy 1990s Commercial for Apple s Macintosh Computer A Meditation on Power
30 million in US subscribe to Spotify Apple Music and other sources
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Need a good Android Wear Watch which isnt so big tough to switch from an Apple Watch size alone. With Android Pay but no choice just yet.
Created Wikipedia articles Are you Fn kidding me.
Apple is about to score a multibillion dollar deal to fix its iPhone storage problems
Apple needs to make all macs touchscreen cause Im literally tired of touching my screen like a moron
Shut off my friends phone. He had to go to apple to get a new one
Fuck Apple and their shite phones mines has honestly chucked it without me even touching it.
Roundup Some of the best AR apps available now on iOS 11  Apple s public release of iOS 11 yesterday includes...
Apple Ply is pretty awesome to cut. Nice clean edges with LagunaTools CNC  dowork gsd 
So now that AR is expanding Apple choose to reduce battery size   keep the same battery life  ...
The new iOS is made to slow down the older generation of iPhone so everyone moves on up to the next. Apple is out to get our money
iOS 11 is better but now i am using reboot my iPhone more than my MacBook Pros reboot bec. of freezing. Apple iPhone 6sPlus iOS11
I dont like the new layout on Apple Music
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Rare Apple Macintosh ad Power is Hunter S Thompson 1995
Berkley Boys by Sudo on Apple Music
Report Apple has not yet started final production of the iPhone X
Feeling OK about waiting on that Apple Watch Series 3. I really like the idea of leaving my phone behind and having LTE for emergencies. 14
Apple packed an AI chip into the iPhone X
Im 80 sure that there is now a small sugar ant colony inside this Macbook. When will Apple address these bugs
Addidas Off White  Helly Hansen Zoes Kitchen Audi Apple  Tiffany Co.
How come I cant change night shift in the control center anymore Apple
I am obsessed with iOS 11.. apple never fails to amaze me
Apple s iPhone 5s takes comparatively mild speed hit from iOS 11 upgrade
Elements  Brussels sprouts  Apple  Spanish Ham  Marcona Brittle 
ANYWAYS yeah I think Apple does a lot of this stuff correctly and thoughtfully.
MacBooks with the 10nm Cannon Lake Processors likely to be delayed until late 2018  Patently Apple
How can your business learn from Apple s success
GOLDEN APPLE  Mendy Webb
iPhone Xs Face ID raises security and privacy questions via TechCrunch
i wish harry would do spotify sessions but hes apple s whore
Having apple withdrawals 
Uber chief brand officer How Uber snagged me from Apple
Which one do you guys pay for Im done with Apple Music
My Apple Music stopped working with Control Center smh
300 on cano
Apple Watch Your activity rings usually have more progress by now you can still make it. Clicks Yes Im still watching on Netflix.
Thanks. This doesnt help
Easy cinnamon apple chips A perfect snack for fall recipe at
You can turn it off and also SORRY Apple just wants to save you in Taken situations
Apple s Innovation Seems To Have Stagnated  Tesla Is Struggling To Generate Money Innovation ROI
Apple clarifies why iOS 11 Control Center toggles dont fully disable Bluetooth and WiFi
In fact Apple has introduced a quick button combo that disables biometric ID temporarily which is awesome
All these updates and social rights moments and I still cant get a ginger emoji I see yall Apple
RT DebbeMcCall  Cost will be factor Apple watch. Alivecor is 99threshold for pts. AFIBHRS AFibAwarenessMonth
Apples for Rosh Hashanah right Starting off the new year with some cider  Drinking an Apple Bomb 
I bought Apple cider doughnuts today becuase I deserve them. And also they are apple cider.
2K is like the Apple of NBA games Live is like Android.
Apple should open an API to organize apps on the Home Screens.
The App Store is now garbagethe Podcast App is garbagethe music App is garbagethe UI is garbage and the X notch is ugly. Apple fail
He can sort my spent brass by headstamp and inspect for damage. Id pay him 2h to do that plus provide a comfy chair  good lunch.
I apologize for upsetting you so badly by saying Spotify is better since this is such a problem for you. I get it you like apple dude
Here Are 11 Hidden Features in Apple s iOS 11
Yeah this is not ok. I want new emojis. Apple
Get off your ass and find something else quit friggen crying go drive a truck labor job anything but blame and cry
Hey Apple guess the  of times Ive wanted to type the word ducking ....0... 0 ducking 
Apple upgrades Safari for older versions of macOS  Computerworld New Zealand
Smell of home baked apple pie scenic drive to look at autumns leaves cheering favorite football team walks in the park autumn dreams.
If yall update yall phones follow me on Apple Music Im trying to see yall playlist
These are Apple s 10 largest acquisitions ever topped by its 3 billion play for Toshibas chip business
The Twitter winner of our social media game at DentsplySironaWorld2017 is gorgeouslady5  Congrats on winning an Apple Watch CCVegas17 
I think not Apple wants your battery to die quicker so that you spend a shit ton of money to get the new iPhone.
Apple hates you
AmexCanada nothing like being at Apple trying to use your CC and it declines due to fraud hold havetowait12to48hrsnow customerservicefail
RASmiFraz hoosierworld Ventuckyspaz johnonolenin 50thPresident sushiqk2 DMo2016 SheriHerman10 SmallAxe2016 Im done with Apple .
Bone apple teeth
Check out Vintage Apple IIe Computer with 2 Disk II Floppy Drive parts or repair no cords Apple
I miss Apple Cinnamon Pop Tarts so much.
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Prepping our apple crisp for open house tomorrow night I hope to see you there SheldonSchoolVT 
in the mood to stay inside with hot apple cider  write
Obligatory so many relevant to him 
EE dont have the option to cancel my subscription to Apple Music. Im going Spotify please can this be resolved
Apple mail has to contribute to at least like 75 of any work success I have
It doesnt just work  Apple Watch Series 3 is having connectivity issues
Why did the jelly roll It saw the apple turn over. jokes
We loved having our apple party today  enjoying many treats that are made from apples 
still waiting on the day Apple s updates will allow me to close YouTube and still be listening
Who in the fuck is this new voice in my iPhone What have you savages done to Siri Apple iphone siri
Yeah it gotta be I aint never seen that happen before take it to Apple rn
A Week On The Wrist The Apple Watch Series 3 Edition
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
apple music w
What if you dont have apple music though
Co worker hired before me went all superiority with me... she was never trained to do our job she was fired within 2 months of me starting
if anyone has apple music
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Reviews of Apple Watch 3 Should I Buy One
Apple TV
Based on your tweets kind of guessed that fact...
Apple wrapping takes resilience piccollage
An apple a day keeps the doctor away Thank you cmin777 for this
Went back to iOS 10.3.3 and my iPad is super fast as it was. I refuse to update till apple sorts this lag fest out
Apple finally changed that crazy annoying FaceTime sound
I better get working on a pan of apple cobbler before these apples are garbage.
30 million in US subscribe to Spotify Apple Music and other sources
Apple TV
Was thinking about an Apple Watch now with series 3 but this is siding me against it. Hopefully this improves.
I liked a YouTube video
Follow me on Apple Music jigful
Apple Number books learninghowtowritenumbers 
Oh how apple loves to confuse me more 
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
I feel like smashing a apple today.
IT SO IS Congrats apple and thankyou apple
I dunno who fault it is Apple or TMobile but Im starting to HATE Iphones
It Is with the Apple Music. It is to a point where its all full strength and its very very quite
That dont work on someone whos good at what they do They stare back at you  say Heres what I want ....
Apple Watch Series 3 struggles to connect to LTE
Im cozy as FUC in bed right now with TWO blankets where the HELL is my cinnamon apple
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Google News  Mobile Payments How to Save More Than 1600 on Apple iPhone 8
1302  Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore driver when handling Completed Firmware Timestamp...
wt a surprise apple made this
Google News  Mobile Payments Were still waiting on Apple Pays newest feature after IOS 11 update
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
When to pick your favorite apple varieties
AppleSupport How can I remove a rewards card from my Apple wallet
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
Rogers will not carry Apple Watch at launch but it will be something we look at next year as we build system functionality support it. ll
Waiting on my iphone8 my 5 battery acting up. Apple
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Silver Smartphone
Early reviews for Apple Watch 3 are not good
Apple iPad Pro 10.5 2017 Case Leather Folio Stand Cover Pencil Holder Brown New
The Best Apple Recipes To Put You In The Fall Mood
Apple can patch bugs but its biggest Apple Watch problem cant be fixed AAPL Kif LeswingBusiness Insider Tech
DanaPerino Apple s Tim Cook brags about smart immigrants while American kids are being brainwashed sabotaged and dumbeddownunfair.
I spent 41 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Thats what separated android and apple
MT MillsFamilyMus1  Amazing how a small apple can grow into good quality fruit. How are we growing 
Omg thank you... I found them honey roasted apple sounds so good
VZWNow wanna know  i ordered my Apple Watch Series 3 at 305AM on 915  cant tell by your website exactly which day will I receive it
Apple Highlighting 4K HDR Movies in iTunes Ahead of Apple TV 4K Launch  Mac Rumors
Wow that scares me bc a few weeks ago my Apple Watch was in my backpack and it called 911 twice from a button on it being pushed
You can listen to my latest project and singles on Apple Music ATXHIPHOP
Thats a good apple 9
Nevermind. Gonna hold off on the iWatch3 Apple
Gotta make sure youre not the conductor bro SeptaGenerals
I love how apple can give us a way to offload apps thus deleting it but saving the data but they cant give us a clean temp files button
Been waiting for an Apple playlist
Amazon Prime Video Now Available for Purchase at Some Apple Retail Stores With InStore Demos Available by...
A new generation that ALSO plays webms
LoniPolk247 now I get a message no SIM card installed Wth Apple
Just overheard a Genius Bar employee at the Apple Store casually recommending insurance fraud to a customer... 12
But why Russia has taken over America so isnt the Knikov as American as apple pie  baseball
Baked an apple cinnamon loaf and it didnt turn out quite the way I wanted so perhaps I will not be taking it to work tomorrow.
apple music should be free idc.
. LanaParrilla gets me. Im ready for falllll. Give me warm apple cider pumpkin spice lattes blanket scarves and all the cozy sweaters. 
exactly and someone that may cause problems with employees you already have....either better KNOW their shit or arent worth it.
NOT stealing from the cash register. Sorry for the typo
Caramel apple suckers are where its at man
Theres a connectivity fault with the new LTE Apple Watch Series 3
Woolworths 038 Apple Alliance Set To Increase Aus Digital Wallet Use 
Having a masters means nothing  depends what its in or maybe you cant keep a job people like to blame their problems on something
1Screw you Apple  Lame intro to new App Store. 2Once again Im a fashion TRENDSETTER
Ugh. The new Apple Podcast app is a confusing mess.
Why Apple 
i can say  apple  in 8 languages 0
Apple Watch 3 Review Roundup What the Heck Happened 
All of my projects are available via
Apple s Series 3 Watch has a Big Problem
Apple corny for not selling the Apple Watch 2
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Not a big fan of face ID but Ill take the iPhone 8 Plus
No thanks I LOVE my Samsung Galaxy Note 8
Everything Apple doing now sucks
Check out VINTAGE Art Glass Clear 6.5 VASE Hand Painted Apple  Floral Cottage Look Unbranded
Apple iOS 11 Vs. Google Android 8.0 Oreo  The Full  Final Visual Comparison Screenshots
Yeah so does Watch OS 4. You cant browse iPhone music on the Apple Watch anymore so fuck apple for that
i have cool playlist on apple music follow me
Why Training Your Tendons Is Important and 11 Ways to Do It  Marks Daily Apple
Inside Apple s Plan to Change How You Experience the World
What about apple sauce
You have a skewed perception of Apple and its products. You realize that I hope
that my apple juice. yes it is sweet baby. ugh Im so in love. 
NOPE NOPE NOT UPDATING ever i cant no. All we want is customizable text colours and keyboards come on Apple
Apple Watch Series 3s LTE problems are actually an existing WiFi bug  iMore
Like 90 of your fans dont even have Apple Music
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
A kid threw an apple in the trash in gr 1 My teacher dug it out washed it and forced the kid to eat it MyWeirdTeacher
tech technology mobilegeb Watch Apple s iPhone X and iPhone 8 event in just 15 minutes
I use both and i have so many issues with spotify but i dont pay for it so idc i use apple music the most
Enter daily farmstarliving to WIN 500 Shopping Spree  Basket of Apple Goodies from FowlerFarms  appleofmyeye
Apple says its new watch has cellular connectivity problems
Apple is a toy company that bring new slightly modified Toys market. Its no different than cars. They all drive
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Apple a damn snitch bc I was FaceTiming today  I had somebody on pause  they said it tells them what app I was on when I had them on pause
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Explain why phone went from 94 to 46 in 20 minutes. I need answers Apple AppleSupport
RT sarahintampa  Apple bumps up the the overtheair download limit for apps to 150 MB
same here K9.....
Bro apple music DEFINITELY upped the quality of the sound on the new update i can hear shit i never knew existed this is magical
guys can i actually stream music over their Apple tvs lmfaooo 
Apple this update makes any touch on my phone take 10 seconds to work wtf
I was able to turn those off on the Apple TV they still auto play on the Roku. But yeah another thing no user ever asked for
Hmm. Apple  Bot
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Tarae is a bootleg apple worker JeezyTaughtMeee
Socialism Communism Just another way to say I get your stuff..... 
Review Apple Watch Series 3
Apple is working on a fix for Watch Series 3 LTE issues
Well myself my wife my daughter and son have all updated our iPads we give Apple too much money and 3 of 4 hate it. So far anyway.
 apparently you have a knack for managing them.
apple is moving drivers out of kernel space what did you mean by this
Way to go Apple . Ive seen multiple people with headphone dongles dangling out their pockets today. DanglingDongles UX
An employee HAS to be worth the effort
Apple s iOS11 update The good bad and ugly
Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Cider on tap now.
My mother this where i get my looks from apple down fall to far from the tree
Apple s iOS11 update The good bad and ugly  WCPO
I still havent updated since January lmao. Mostly because I have no memory and my apple id is non existent
yea its a sad case. You really have no choice if youre building ios apps though
Would you like a apple pie with your order
Hunter S. Thompsons Edgy 1990s Commercial for Apple s Macintosh Computer A Meditation on Power
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black ATT Smartphone W Offical Case win 
Apple s iOS11 update The good bad and ugly  WCPO
Apple s iOS11 update The good bad and ugly  WCPO
Do not ever go to Macqueens  eat 3 apple fritters then go workout right after. You will die. Or youll throw up all over planet like I did
A Week On The Wrist The Apple Watch Series 3 Edition
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
Top story Apple admits Apple Watch LTE glitch but is there really a problem
Caramel fuckin apple snickerdoodle cookies 
We grade the Apple Watch and iPhone 8 The 359 Ep. 287  CNET Our expert Scott Stein
ALL of my what your friends are listening to suggestions on Apple Music are from Dylan MF Bailey
Rangers v Celtic Sat 7am. Join the Big Apple Bears at the American Bar. 1st Ave  77th St. Doors open 6.30am. 10 cover charge. 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Advertisers using retargeting are not going to be happy about Apple s iOS11 update. iOS11
iOS11 lock screen wallpaper is the same in Notifications lock screen. Thats really confusing apple
Why does the new iOS11 interface look like the ugly Apple Music interface
Just playing around with new ios11 features darkmode screencast bildschirmaufnahme apple iphone 
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Bozoma Saint John says Uber didnt really poach her from Apple
Im so happy about this new Apple Music update.
Peace out Apple Music
my favorite thing is describing fruit with names of other fruit cherry tomatoes. grape tomatoes. apple pear.
benjaminclymer bravo on the Apple Watch series 3 review Ben. Fantastic insights on the new device its place in the market everything
Former Apple Engineers Working on New Eyes for Driverless Cars
RT LanceUlanoff  Apple admits Apple Watch LTE glitch but is there really a problem
apple couldnt fix my phone so I had to buy a new one... smh
Safari in iOS 11 Enabling CrossSite Tracking Prevention to Protect Your Privacy
Kinda thinking a pastel candy apple red personally.
O.M.F.G. Im about to throw my damn Apple TV out the window.... or just delete the MLB TV app altogether.... WorstAppEver
Follow ya boy on Apple Music
i hope apple chokes too
Apple iPad Air 2 with WiFi 64GB  Space Gray  B
Apple  Heap Overflow in AppleBCMWLANCore Driver
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Whos excited about the Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus launch this Friday apple tech iPhone8Plus
Whiskey Girl Apple  Maple is a delicate blend of fresh apple  hints of rich maple and lime. Delicious and flavorful but not too sweet. 
The Apple Watch Series 2 was easily a 9. And would have been if writer understood the product and enjoyed products of its kind.
ICYMI heres everything you missed from the Apple announcement. Hint its not all about phones. technews
unileverusa Lipton I love your Pure Leaf Tea House Collection especially the Fuji apple  ginger Just wish it came in a bigger bottle.
timcook thank you for supporting this cause we Mexican love Apple
Apple Music was not functioning properly OK. 
this is so extra but I love it bc Apple just made it easier to expose some of yall 
The Nine Lives of Cat Stevens Yusuf Islam Embraces His Musical Past on The Laughing Apple
I already had PodCruncher so I didnt need to transfer. If you get it new you will have to subscribe thru apple app  lose listened to ones
Alright Im done messing around whos taking me to the Apple Orchard
Oh my gawd. Yummy And its apple picking time here Ill make the coffee 
It arrived apple iphone8 256gb St Leonards New South Wales
diff  different. AV1 seems to be supported by everyone except Apple . I dont see why Apple couldnt have waited for AV1 and supported it
Summer peaches fresh tangerine apple butter  cinnamon w a velvety vibrant fruity medium body. I dig StoneTowerWine vawinechat
Resting heart rate alerts arent available on original Apple Watch watchos4 health heart 
Apple s iTunes 12.7 update didnt turn out the way Dr. Mac was hoping
Jour J pour liPhone 8 l Apple TV 4K et l Apple Watch Series 3
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I dont know why apple wants to mess up my phone when a new iphone comes out Im BROKE. I aint getting it
KeyshiaCole SIXTEEN YEARS LATE..ON APPLE MUSIC NOW BY ARTISTPRODUCER CRICET..JUST A CRIP TRYING TO GET HIS LIFE TOGETHER WE DREAM BIGGER..
Apple music or Tidal
When you love the new iPhone and you just cant afford it
I probably made that 0.99 purchase 2 months ago and Apple waited till I was broke to charge me. Im
That new Apple Watch is so fire.
The Nine Lives of Cat Stevens Yusuf Islam Embraces His Musical Past on The Laughing Apple
IS there an Apple app fcsvanguard
Apple I dont like the way to save screenshots now.. why do I need to edit it
Honestly Apple what were you thinking with ios 11 Im upset w everything how do u undo an update
What about older generation Apple TVs
The VR Project Cockpit Environment  Year 10 IST PeaceDay Apple Dell educate IST IT innovation TASrocks keepstudying MSC 
hey apple can I have my old notification system back .. iOS11
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
cant wait to go to the apple orchard this yearr
The Nine Lives of Cat Stevens Yusuf Islam Embraces His Musical Past on The Laughing Apple
Hanging out at an Apple store They do now. Do people hang out at a golf store Yes they do. Excellent thinking...
Oh yeah it is. They make HOMEMADE apple cider donuts
this was before i got apple music I AINT KIDDING WHEN I SAY THIS SONG SAVED MY SANITY 
Why do I have to update I already use Apple Music
We went to Coraline max and Hannah meet the teacher night tonight and aria just sat at someones desk and ate her Apple ahaha 
Apple I just came to get new headphones
deswhatuget hi apple head i miss u stuuups
LIFX WiFi smart bulbs get support for Apple HomeKit
1 800  8130692 Apple customer service phone number bjgkg phone number for Apple ...
Apple fans Find my trans and gay erotica for your iBooks at
Phone been on 2 for the longest um apple ... 
LIFX WiFi smart bulbs get support for Apple HomeKit  SlashGear
8 Great Steve Wozniak Startup Quotes
After spending 1hr 40 mins with AppleCare this am Im about 99.44 done with all apple products. Both of my iPads would not back up 12
IPTV First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international ...
why the fuck did you guys take away my ability to clear out my notifications whenever I feel like doing so Apple iOS11
is there a way to like block marshmello on apple music
Nowplaying on Soufriere Hills Radio Soca Calypso Caribbean worldmusic Apple Bottom Girls by Khiomal ListenNow
I bet he does
Never met my grandpa but I guess the apple doesnt fall far from the tree 
Apple stock on track for worst week ahead of an iPhone launch
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Four people lining up at Apple for the new iPhone. Only in Adelaide
I liked a YouTube video
Thats 3 Briepear 3 pork apple Boursin 2 cucumbersalamicheddar. what wemightneedmore incaseofemergency sammichemergency
 iOS 11 is buggy ass hell. Apple couldve kept this.
God bless Apple  drive mode on the new update will save lives.
Idk I feel like you would buy a flip phone if it was made by Apple .
Update to iOS 11 and make a Apple Music profile so you can share playlists
 apple watch
I feel like in the war of Spotify v Apple Music the team that buys Pandora wins.
i was crying about how i wanted an apple badly n snailclubb brought me one to work HOW NICE 
ios11 is so lit great job Apple
SydCity914 Midnight. Apple Music and Spotify
Really not understanding why my phone keeps fucking up me  apple are about to fight
The apple festival this weekend pork burgers funnel cakes and a bunch of weed Im down lol
Says the man who has a head like a half eaten apple lad 
New Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Silver Unlocked No Region Lock
Market Extra Apple s divergence from Nasdaq could spell trouble for tech stocks rally
I just got an apple music account to listen to Tom Ford by Jay z lmao
I have not updated my phone because I do not know my Apple ID or password. If I update my phone will I be forced to resign in my Apple ID
What a nice birthday wish
I GOT SO EXCITED FUUUUCK OFF I LEGIT THREW MY PHONE WHEN IT WASNT TAKEN add me on apple music i guess
For Apple Watch Case Cover Protector 38  42mm iWatch Protective Bumper Series
Apple Watch review Ditch the iPhone
The cheering has begun Note that this is the first product launch at Singapores Apple Store which opened in May
9 Apple AirPort Extreme Base Station ME918LLA Apple AirPort Extreme Base Station ME918LLA by
Apple Watchs new heart rate features wont work on the original Watch model  The Verge
Apple Irvine Spectrum Center just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
one here please
Too expensive guys if you cared as a company like you say you do youd appreciate people have enough debts to be jacking the price up.
me too....and even the apple thing that used to be a last resort no pipe thing now ppl do it purposely I guess its kind of cool not roses
Apple so the killerrapist etc has a 3 second window to disconnect the 911 call using the SOS. Awesome.
rmber when apple music was beats music
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree no shocker there
Someone in Taiwan tried to sign in with my Apple ID... Yeah can you please not do that 
Apple Suggests Apple TV 4K Will Gain Dolby Atmos Support in Future tvOS Update
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
My phone fr wont vibrate my battery sucks  my insta TL keeps showing posts from January. Your iOS 11 update sucks. Apple
Selling my apple watch. Series 2
Quick doodle w Apple Pencil and Procreate. Kinda looks like Junkrat. 
Apple music 
SALE Red Apple Teacher Earrings
I was told that screen recording in iOS11 is revolutionary . My android had it since Lollipop . Maybe it IS revolutionary... For Apple . 
Apple Music stop playing
Its Apple s worst month in over a year and the charts a...
Neanderthal Child Grew Up Just Like Us  those of his kind also selfmedicated.
Okay so not to be talking shit about Apple and stuff but
Apple TV 4K Reviews Expensive But With Cheaper 4K Movies Some Limitations Like 1080p YouTube
iOS 11 is KILLING my 7 Plus battery how did I go from 49 down to 10 in an hour Not impressed Apple
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I liked a YouTube video
My Trader Joes burlesque name is Rustic Apple Tart
Apple really created a folder for all my gifs... Apple yall really the goat 
CM Apple Watch Series 3  Apple Music
merge or syncing fitbit with apple
I know.... I have apple everything except my laptop
I canceled Spotify and subscribed to Apple Music we shall see if its better
RogersHelps Can you investigate to get it Apple TTY to work for your DHH customers Please  thank you.
I would really prefer if the memes for the word growth on my Apple iPhone werent 90 images of cartoon boobs. Cmon guys.
Miss 3D Touch App Switcher Gesture In iOS 11 Its Coming Back In An Update Confirms Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Thatd Be SO FUCKING LIT  Apple  Nintendo Need To Pay This Girl
New post What Apple Unveiled About the Apple TV Last Week
I liked a YouTube video
GodleyElem godleyisd Apple week means Fall is just around the corner like tomorrow applescience applepainting classof2031 PreKisfun 
Android o Apple 
How To Setup An Apple Search Ads Campaign
The new iOS 11 looks like the same one when I had the iPhone C when they did the update on that one. Got damn apple smh
Follow me on apple music. I got a playlist of songs I produced. 
Miss 3D Touch App Switcher Gesture In iOS 11 Its Coming Back In An Update Confirms Apple
Siri app indexing is broken for me in ios 11 can not find twitter unless I type the whole word into the search bar ... apple ios11
Enjoy your shield Ill take my Apple TV any day
Just went to apple and they are making me come back next Wednesday
Excited for my 4K Apple TV to arrive tomorrow. Hopefully BoI Rebirth gets its TV update soon. Eager to try it. nicalis tyronerodriguez
Girl You Got A Apple Let Me Touch The Police Coming Let Me Tuck....
What about Apple Music avatar
Apple almost always gets lots of these complaints right away and quickly puts out an update... for me Safari seems like worst power hog.
Apple Music
Looks like Apple s 1984 commercial.
Microsoft confirms plans for a new flagship store in Regent Street opposite Apple
The aspect of Fall I get most excited about is . Flavors of apple or pumpkin Cooler temps
iPhone 8 8 Plus is that fastest but is the new Apple Watch really that bad
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
Lets revise this... Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular keeps you connected. if it doesnt get stuck on a WiFi network without internet
One word... Apple ....
Apple shouldve included AirPods with the iPhoneX
3 of 5 stars to Burqas Baseball and Apple Pie by Ranya Tabari Idliby
can the next iOS update have an option that caters to my specific brand of only capitalizing proper nouns and nothing else thanks Apple
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K PreOrders Start Arriving in New Zealand
Not to belabor. But your bigger problem Buckeyes Go PennStateFball RollTide
2014 tech in 2017 and morons will still blow there money on it for the nice shiny logo.
and of course apple had to fuck up our iPhone shipment 
Its so weird that Apple hasnt tweeted once
Blockchain startups targeting App Store giants blockchain AppStore fintech DLT innovation disruption Apple
Why should they have to pay Youre an adult
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
Wow. Opening the camera on ios11 is crazy sluggish Apple
Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple  Reuters
Adam did not want the apple for the apple s sake he wanted it because it was forbidden. Mark Twain marktwain
Just realized all Ive had to eat today is a piece of whole grain toast with peanut butter and apple  carrots and snap peas
Cant wait to pick up this new Apple Watch tomorrow
It is clear to me that Apple will be challenged to manufacture ship its iPhone X. So I have purchased an iPhone 8. I pick it up tomorrow.
RogersHelps Quite a number of our Rogers customer members are inquiring about Apple iOS TTY software app. Telus the only one w it enabled.
Note 8 already here Catch up Apple  iphonesheep
Theres not an honest man with scruples in the entire cabinet. The apple doesnt fall from the trump tree
im only in college to get a discount on my apple music
AppleSupport iPhone not recognizing any audio in swipe up dashboard or lock screen since iOS 11 update. Incl. Apple podcast app  Spotify
telstra  In January you signed me up for Apple Music without my consent. I complained. You rectified. Now youve done it again.
My phones actin tf up all of a sudden.. Hmmm i know it aint a coincidence Apple
Solved after reset the apple music
When I upgrade Im upgrading to a iPhone 7S only because my iPhone 6 is acting up. No surprises there. iPhone 8 ISSA joke
Pretty sure he does. They showed a shot of him in the dugout and it looked like an apple watch and he was touching it.
From Apple icons to table textiles.
More of my TSC folk on my last day in da Big Apple  TheBigApple NYC TimesSquareChurch jw Times Square New York City
Whats you do
replace all apple products
Really wasnt a fan of this band. Had to return the watch because Apple dont swap bands that come with it.  
My battery died 20 reading your tweet lol
iOS 11 has screen recording so screenshotting peoples snaps and stories is 100x easier Apple stay setting people up
Or what jade told me to do on thanks giving once put angel food cake between two apple pie slices
i hate when stores dnt take apple pay like bru cmon
im disappointed Apple
ILoveApple Tim Cook says Apple is donating 1 million to earthquake recovery efforts in Mexico
got kicked out of the apple store for suggesting the shit emoji is not realistic enough for 2017
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Karma to the Vortex O Life  Feeder Bands O Time  Atmosphere  Gravity  Signs.. Origin  10.. Apple  7 NicolaNicholasNick Carter in 3s 
Finally got iOS11  I am loving it. Amazing light quicker and customisable. Apple Australia 
I spent 11 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
apple why the fuck would you take off the thing to control the automatic brightness please put it back bc this shit fucking annoying
Apple Watch Nike Series 2 42mm Sports Grey Anthracite Black MQ182LLA 280.00 via eBay
hopefully the apple falls far from the tree....
She says the Apple pie ones are good but not the best ever. Shes jealous
What Apple Unveiled About the Watch Last Week  The Motley Fool
Apple selfdriving car plans scaled right back after series of speed bumps
The Toronto Police Tweets out to Citizens to not Test Out Apple s new iOS 11 feature for calling Emergency 911
Smh I know Apple gonna be burnt toast again
Nintendo aint going
The Apple effect Wireless headphone sales soar in year since iPhone dropped headphone jack
Arrgghh reckless these Apple TV design decisions are like the AV Nerd version of removing the headphone jack.
The best thing Apple could do is use HomePods to create a mesh network. Router  Music. Id go for that in a heartbeat.
YungBleu we need investments 4 back on Apple Music asap
Apple selfdriving car plans scaled right back after series of speed bumps
You should be allowed to use other peoples Apple Music
Amazing how the taste of something can bring back memories. This hot apple cider reminds me of the vendors at Covent Garden London in fall.
Miss 3D Touch App Switcher Gesture In iOS 11 Its Coming Back In An Update Confirms Apple . If you miss 3...
iPad Video Lessons 
strychnn3 Im going to Kroger to get apple cider so I can make some weird pumpkin beer apple cider witches brew to get drunk on.
Are you SelfPublished Enter the New Apple SelfPublished BOOK AWARDS at
Apple is officially getting 2.99 a month from me for more iCloud storage.
I do not appreciate U2 forcing all Apple Music users to listen to their shitty unoriginal music
im going to write BIO on my neck but the O is going to be my adams apple . the game has changed ladies
RT Techkle Apple Takes Away iOS Desktop APP Store with iTunes 12.7 Update
Adam did not want the apple for the apple s sake he wanted it because it was forbidden. Mark Twain marktwain
Apple Becomes a Chipmaker to OneUp Smartphone Foes
apple literally exchanged my phone for a shitty phone.. thanks
I prefer the old Arabic font on the new one in iOS11 . Any way to revert to the old one ios11update font Apple
Apple Doesnt Trust You  VICE
Jobs At Apple Headquarters  Best Price 2017
Ooh you cook pork inwith apple sauce Can you freeze it
so who is going to buy me an apple watch for my birthday
Who Is DMing Apple Off My Twitter
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple Valley Varsity Boys Soccer allows three goals by Eagan. Eagan leads 43 in OT
Going apple picking this weekend for Aidans birthday What should I make with the apples I usually do crisp. Should I stick with that
What Apple Unveiled About the Watch Last Week
37 Apple Varieties of the World Infographic
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple make that happen son
just wanna watch nightmare before christmas cuddle and drink some mf apple cider
Backflips from Matt . shotoniphone iphone7plus itunes area apple
Apple Watch Gen 2 Series 1 38mm for 185.87 Use code PSAVE15NOW with paypal 7 sold in a few hours
The aspect of Fall I get most excited for is . Smells of apple  cinnamon Cooler temps
More of my TSC folk on my last day in da Big Apple  TheBigApple NYC TimesSquareChurch jw 
The Good and Bad in Apple TV 4K Everything You Need to Know  FORTUNE
Listen to our album on Apple Music now Follow us moresound8990
Speaking of remotes what are those gizmos they use to advance slides at Apple Keynote presentations Clearly not designed in house.
Apple s petty squabble with Qualcomm ends up hurting iPhone customers
AppleWatch We grade the Apple Watch and iPhone 8 The 359 Ep. 287  CNET  CNET
JeffBezos Amazon Google Facebook and 2hrs ago Apple have each donated 1Musd to MexicoCityEarthquake . Microsoft also. Are you in
The aspect of Fall I get most excited for is . Flavors of apple and pumpkin Cooler temperatures
The part of Autumn I am most excited for is . Flavors of apple  pumpkin Cooler temperatures
Pay 85  Get 100 itunes Gift Card Via Amazon 
apple amaze yall with the simplest stuff its funny asf
Oh I hope you can find them So good Now I just need to find the apple pie ones
The majority of our stores do not have the ability to process Apple Pay or other contact less transactions.
Apple  Apple Store
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
I know how it works. however a part time job to start may work around ur sick days. If you show ur worth keeping around some emplrs will
you know who i havent tweeted about in a while... sasuke my fucking cinnamon apple i still talk about him daily though
Apple iMac 27 2015 Core i5 3.3GHz 8GB 2TB Fusion Drive MK482LLA
Got a job with Apple . Now its time to go ace my police exam.
I remember watching a Yankees game in Toronto about 2 years ago where they were hocking BL Apple .
 AAPL What Apple Unveiled About the Apple TV Last Week Now on
Close Encounters is out in 4K HDR and all of a sudden I need an Apple TV 4K... and an HDR TV...
apple music bro i need it
me and my friend have updated our iOS but feeling disappointed after this as i personally feel that Apple cheated us AppleSupport
WHY make the standard amount of the iPhone 8Plus and a small amount of X Yall go head and buy 1000 phones to test them for Apple .
Review The new Apple TV 4K is a high fidelity powerhouse
Apple AppleSupport gamepigeonapp Make this happen please
Jim Carrey Apple s Face ID Will Lead To Totalitarian New World Order
So I cant use the flash light on my iPhone 6 when its below 20 yea like thats the battery killer so I had to use the screen Apple 
So Apple Music failed me at work today. It is on there after all.
Apple iOS 11 Has 25 Great Secret Features  Forbes
Get an apple tree Breed apples
Apple  apple  apple
Less than 10 minutes to go now for the iPhone8launch at Singapores Apple Store
apple didnt fall far from the tree 
And somehow still better than Apple maps
Never I eat the whole apple anyways
Guardians of the Galaxy The Complete Collection Playlist on Apple Music is my jam. OnRepeat
Me and Shamaris love Caramel Apple crunch and Cinnamon flavors in a waffle bowl
I have a call with Apple tomorrow to go over it
Tomorrow On Vevo. Now In Apple Music
Can Google and HTC crack the Apple Samsung smartphone duopoly  Washington Post
Apple iOS 11 Has 25 Great Secret Features  Forbes
2 hr wait for apple to fix my phone Wtf yo you got me fucked up fam You sayin I gotta be hand around the mall for 2hrs
So fire
Deal Talk Podcast WOW Apple
Apple does right by users and advertisers are displeased
iOS11 the volume is still an issue the one thing I wanted gone. ulied Apple why 
Finance news from mainland China for our clients Wall Street sags on Fed rate expectations North Korea crisis and weakness in Apple shares 
Same thing happens on the iPad Pro. Apple SpotifyUSA pls fix this posting bug 
I eat the whole apple
Apple s Latest Products Get Rare MixedBag Reviews
Apple s iPhone X Doesnt Come In Rose Gold And Twitter Is Fuming Understandably  By now most of us probably...
Publix explain to me why yall have Samsung pay but not Apple Pay
Do you have any music on Apple Music I know theres one album under your name but it isnt you.
The big problem with the Apple Watch Series 3
Did we ever get a real answer as to why Apple Jacks didnt taste like apples
Apparently my parents are going apple picking this weekend without me  I want to fight them both.
Me. Eating an apple for breakfast. 
iPhone 8 Does Not Have Face ID So Dont Stress If Youre Creeped Out By It  When Apple debuted the iPhone X at...
business Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Way to go It normally takes me 10 minutes to get an apple
Apple CEO DACA Is About Basic Human Decency
Dear Apple not upgrading iPhone until I can choose when Im on wifi and bluetooth... dumb mightgoandroid
Well I may try BJs version. A few years ago Target had an apple pie ice cream. My dad really loved it. I got bored but pint sized is good
Also Apple is still holding that 1 hostage
Top story The Apple Watch Series 3 is a bad sign for a 5G world
The new iOS 11 lets you gif nickdeluise getting punched in the face. Thanks Apple  
Top story The Apple Watch Series 3 is a bad sign for a 5G world
Apple TV 4th Generation 32GB Digital Media Streamer with Siri remote 119.99 via eBay
Apple TV 32GB Digital HD Media Streamer 4th Generation Latest Model MGY52LLA 132.99 via eBay
Can we please get this shit Apple twitter help a nigga out
How so
BOY. MY PHONE JUST SENT ME A NOTIF THAT SAID you have a new memory called fluffy friends imCRYING APPLE GETS ME 
Hi apple  Im Dad
savage siri alexawho  apple New York New York
IMO Apple believes a non licensed version isnt sustainable wo meddling  they wont back an open project driven entirely by google
A whole lot of fun tonight making Apple Pies for kids kids cooking glass
no thanks Im waiting for iPhone X
If you were a banker and the government said we want you to make loans to low income people or else well prosecute you..what would you do
Hey...Rocket Man ...shove it up your apple 
Apple Watch.
ÎÄeBayÎÄ Apple iPad mini 1st Generation 16GB WiFi 7.9in  Space Gray C 190.00 0 BidsEnd Date 28Sep
Apple Bread II the bike ride
apple cider
my cinnamon apple i kno i did you wrong.
Apple music is totally worth it. 
So I got my phon fixed  my camera still dont work in the inside the apple store run bout I gotta pay 300 or a little less then that
Apple cider vinegar and dish detergent
Ooo I can resell my Apple Watch to Apple  get credit toward the new one
Businesses can save on Apple iPhone 8iPhone 8 Plus wtrade in of select smartphones wnew 2yr activationrenewal
Apple Cinnamon Swirl Slab Pie
So so so so stupid
reason 2 they have a cider mill section with apple desserts apple cider and apples from a cider mill also available at any time
Have a 7 and Im getting the S9 in March the iPhone X is just way too expensive and doesnt have the specs Samsung have.
Heres why Warren Buffett bought Apple stock but not Google
Call Apple care. I had issues with my Mac and they wouldnt hang up til they knew I had the problem resolved. They are very dedicated
I need an Apple Watch just to see if all the times I run to catch the bus are beneficial to my health.
I got the apple headphones bc I like them but they 30 dollars
The best part about iOS 11 is that apple finally got rid of that annoying ass FaceTime ring
The part of Autumn I get most excited for is . Tastes of apple and cinnamon Cooler temperatures
Apple acknowledges connection issue with new Apple Watch
The aspect of Autumn I am most excited about is . Scents of apple and cinnamon Cooler temperatures
Apple acknowledges connection issue with new Apple Watch
The aspect of Autumn I am most excited about is . Flavors of apple and cinnamon Cooler temperatures
The part of Autumn I am most excited about is . Scents of apple and cinnamon Cooler temps
So the new iOS update has fucked my phone thanks apple but Ill still never buy another phone
Bruh same. Im getting so pie eyed you can call me apple .
The Predator alltime hotness. Also MIDNIGHT chillin AMPM coolin drinkin apple juice...
HA Knew it. Apple thinks theyre sneaky. Mentioning it earlier in the year and not before the release to make you think youre getting them
Microsoft is coming to Oxford Street right opposite Apple 
New Tutorial on
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple whiskey is delicious...all whiskey is delicious. whiskey
shoutout to Alan brought me an apple to work if you guys knew him he IS THE BIGGEST bully alive so this deserves recognition
My iPhone 7 plus just started becoming very choppy after a day of installing ios11. Closed all apps as well. apple
Yeah... No 
The piece of Autumn I get most excited for is . Flavors of apple and pumpkin Cooler temps
Apple iMac 27 2015 Core i5 3.3GHz 8GB 2TB Fusion Drive MK482LLA
Big Apple Circus finds a home at fairgrounds
InspiringSister Top Story Fall Dessert Recipe Caramel Apple Cupcakes  Pretty
NEWS IRMA BTS Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
I love u apple of my eye
And everytime I downgrade my iTunes it keeps autoupdating itself. Seriously fuck you Apple . Everything was great until you made this shit
Follow me on Apple Music 
Was aww heck hate Apple iPad auto correct I hate Kumbaya politics. Can we have some adults to fucking run the country
Where Apple Music 
A chocolate covered caramel apple .
Ur Your Apple Watch needs to get its auto correct fixed
I bet Apple has OS X running on an Apple TV somewhere.
ÎÄÎÄÎÄ ÎÄÎÄ ÎÄÎÄÎÄ 2 Microwave Apple Bakers  8.97 Reg. 20
Wish they had all of BigSean mixtapes on Apple Music...
My PC is still safe unless youre just now getting the old updates which makes sense considering how behind Apple is with everything else.
I hate you AppleSupport Apple for eliminating the headphone jack on the iPhone
1 hour phone call later Wifi password reentered on mums Apple TV. Yay updates
Right Venezuelans are hunting rats for food and its all because of oil prices Which at 50bbl are just under the 10 year average.
iPhone 8 is the fastest phone but is the new Apple Watch really that bad  Apple Byte
Apple storesBrandCenters or Town squares with businessnetwork ecosystemmost others are just indirect distributors not much Value
And what about the antisuicide nets around Apple factories
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Check this out Original Apple Watch Doesnt Support watchOS 4 Heart Rate Features 
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Thanks for sharing this Could you please tell us the names of the ingredients that youre mixing. I recognized the apple c. vinegar...
Ms zen is on her to the big Apple
berfday Apple Bay Street
Yall cant see through Apple s marketing ploy yet Goodness sake.
jaimeotero Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
Apple Posts Ads for the New App Store
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
apple watch time to stand me how dare you
So now Im not eating dinner and all I had today was a granola bar and an apple and I literally dont even fucking care so why am I so upset
There is a theory that when a company builds a ginormous new hq like Apple  it shows an apex for the company and it declines from there
Apple 
Bottling some home brew apple cider
Wall Street sags on Fed rate expectations North Korea crisis and weakness in Apple shares
Trader bets against  APPL Apple  heres how low he thinks it will go
the same way brands like Puma and Reebok are embracing artists are the same ways Bic and Apple should look to poets to partner with.
Apple Yall fucced up giving screen recording
Thats the only think irritating
I liked a YouTube video
CyrusInstaller TweakBoxApp AppValleyvip to anyone wondering whats up with revoke apple has found another way to do it. we will win
i want spinach dip and boneless wings from apple bees..
Youre so annoying
Apple creates new Vice President of People role held by Deirdre OBrien Apple today announced that it is creating
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Poaches Imagination Technologies COO and Graphics Engineers After...
aint nobody texting you.
Essential Motivational Songs by Apple Music on Apple Music
All I want is the Apple Watch series 3
I will not be satisfied with Apple iOS updates until I can customize who gets read receipts
We stole that apple every day from her desk and every time she turned her back that apple would fly across the room. Howd she never catch us
Hey Im posting this from my new Apple Wa
Apple s New Headquarters Is a Sign of Techs Boom Bravado  Fox Business
Very much an apple wood keepsake keepsake bowl. It is checked and unround I wanted to keep the
I POUR LEAN IN MY APPLE JUICE
Microsoft confirms plans for a new flagship store in Regent Street opposite Apple
Some sort of sexy Roman wench look from a time traveller wearing an Apple Watch. Nice 
my phones headphone jack is breaking down Apple is this a message
And just like that....we lost the new Apple TV remote.
Loopmasters Loopcloud should allow users to add local libraries to search like Logics Apple Loops and get it autotagged in Loopcloud.
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at
Oh Granny knows the way to a young girls heart. Now take the Apple dearie and make a wish...
Apple I have an iPhone 6s and I updated my phone to iOS11 and my phone isnt charging it was charging fine before so idk what happened 
Vintage C.I. Checker MenPlayers Ceramic Salt Pepper Shakers Set Barrel Apple Box  eBay
I no apple fan. No follow
Whats the book I would love to have an apple reference book.
One G for a four year old android Stick it where the sun doesnt shine.
Skrrrrt this is my first year with Apple  I didnt like majority of the Android updates either. Im only speaking in terms of the look
Before you know Apple will get back to 160 range in less than a month.
Red Apple Teacher Necklace
I ate 4 tomatoes today like I would an apple . delish
Its fun to make jokes but I think Apple has a real winner here screenvideowise. 5
iTunes 12.7 Fuck you Apple  you took away the app section and now I cant sync my apps anymore Because courage
if any of yall have apple music link me your playlists
When you gotta lose wait for a wedding but apple bees is calling your name
Googles HTC move borrows from Apple s playbook
Thanks for the shout out guys. We are 2 on Apple Trailers right now. Better luck next reboot Jumanji HappyHunting
That was one of the best classes of high school when we threw the apple around
Omg deeeaaddd
Some watchOS 4 features missing from Series 0 Apple Watch
I dont have to be connected to WiFi anymore to mirror my iPhone to Apple TV.
Your fucking new headphones and adapters too apple
timcook could Apple also commit to Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria This is an example of my island photos by Carlos Rolon 
Yes. These nerds at apple wont take a break.
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
I want some apple cider
The Apple effect Wireless headphone sales soar in year since iPhone dropped headphone jack
well that seems honest. I too am on disability  cant stand it. I dont know ur issues but I have seen a blind person working in a call cntr
make it happen Apple
business Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Apple UI Team what in the fuck is going on with these title bars 
Apple iPhone 6sMINT CONDITIONNEW APPLE BATTERY16GBSilver WhiteUNLOCKED
Haha yeah
I use Apple Cider Vinegar as my face toner and omg it does wonders
I am off to the Big Apple  in March if you want to join the party Off to Malaga myself in a month
Will you take advantage of Apple s new updates
yall really flexing ios 11 like 80 of Apple users didnt use the beta version months again lol u aint shit
Did you hear Sony launching its own hearable to compete with Apple s AirPods. tech wireless audio
Go confiscate Ned Yosts Apple watch.
Psalm 178 Keep me as the apple of the eye hide me under the shadow of thy wings
Lmfaooo wtf whsjdijendj who messed this up what employee thought this was a good plan
This is my only playlist on Apple Music who wants to know whats on it 
If apple LTE watch  iphoneX are busts how long before we hear Jony was busy designing a building and theater. Wait until next year
The state also makes glass Christmas tree ornaments indigenous textiles monumental clocks baskets and apple cider. 3
this warm apple crisp w vanilla ice cream
Watch out Apple TV
I tried the Caramel Apple Spice that Keithito mentioned but I cant handle this. Only 13 in and I know I cant finish. xx
Its lush Had the Apple and blackcurrant one aswell..proper nice Xx
I spent 6 hours and 6 minutes working out with Apple Health. 6568 calories burned. LoseIt
I spent 6 hours and 21 minutes working out with Apple Health. 3036 calories burned. LoseIt
Vtg C.I. Checker MenPlayers Ceramic Salt Pepper Shakers Set Barrel Apple Box
Apple pie and ice cream .
This iphoneX 10 has aaaaall the NEW features..... with lisaraq and kingorr06 . apple 
The iPhone X and Apple s Mundane Vision of the Future
Youre welcome. Heres a recipe for apple  olive oil cake fr ottolenghi  Helen Gohs nu dessert bk Sweet.
Anyone else experiencing high heat when using the screen recording feature in iOS11  Apple iPhone 
Maybe thats why. I got the one apple dropped
Albums out now iTunes Apple Music
Apple totally knocked it out of the park bringing Augmented Reality to iOS. Kudos Apple for keeping the future a thrilling place ARKit
This fall I wanna enjoy a hayride while eating a carmel apple
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Apple Ive got one word to describe iOS 11 on my SE... Crispy. I like it D
Deal Talk Podcast Save big on a car truck etc. 115 episodes Apple
Not sure what to do about a new phone. Been on Apple for years but hate my 7 not having a headphone jack. Now the 8 and X dont have one
Losing My Religion  R.E.M. Boyce Avenue acoustic cover on Apple  Spotify
Not to be a because I love apple but this is how they get you to buy a new phone.
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
EE any news on the delivery of the new apple watch Had a text saying its delayed
Should really be an option in the Control Center settings to choose if it disconnects or disables wifi and Bluetooth Apple iOS11
FeastON Purple beet pure roasted golden beets in apple cider vinaigrette herb goat whip
Im done paying for Apple Music
And when I get a text and slide the screen down I cant see what the text says man Im about to be team green bubbles.. fuck you Apple
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple music
Love how apple always seem to fuck everything up where are my Live Photos pls from FaceTime I would love to know
I liked a YouTube video
TravelLeisure The 19 Best Places to Go Apple Picking in the United States
Need that Apple Music back for cuffing season NO1Drug
Retweeted Tim Cook  timcook  Mientras hay vida hay esperanza. Mexicos resilience is its strength. Apple is...
This made me legit put my phone down when I was driving. Good update on iOS 11. Thanks Apple 
Hipsters are drinking Cider  not beer And did you know there are 4000 named varieties of British apple  CiderFact Sidra
My phones constantly spazzing out whenever its do with switching Apple
I smell apple and pecan for sure.
Apple iMac 27 2015 Core i5 3.3GHz 8GB 2TB Fusion Drive MK482LLA
Im pleased I got out of Apple AAPL stock when I did.I made a little profit.The stock is losing ground. It lost 2.68 today.
Anyone have a 42mm Apple Watch that wants a purple TCU purple band I ordered the wrong size and cant return it. Its brand new
Whys there gotta be a sticker on every apple I buy
See what I mean Calimwulf 
apple ciroc never will forget
He was a gang member  convicted murderer who killed his best friend. His colleagues say he was a bad apple from a young age.
waltwalters still want that Apple Watch
Apple changed the FaceTime sound
Hijacked By Twins CookBlogShare Linky Week 38  Plus Awesome Apple ...
These are the Apps you can use with Apple Maps AppleMaps
Apple TV too brah please.
Its apple cider season
Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Gold Unlocked No Region Lock
 Apple Tax 
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at
RT business Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Ew is Grandmas Apple Pie there
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
if its not over a year you have apple warranty bring it back up there fuck that. they just fixed my camera under my warranty
The have pumpkin and apple and sweet potato and more pumpkin...
The 19 Best Places to Go Apple Picking in the United States
I liked a YouTube video
They told the professor people were using apple watches to cheat. Prob salty they dont have one
Love that none of my apps work and my phone randomly turns off and wont turn back on bc of this update Apple
the 18000 Apple Watch edition is officially obsoleted. two. years.
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 256GB Gold at 49.99 on 4GEE Max 15GB 24 Months con...
Apple how did my phone go from 9030 in thirty minutes after I got iOS 11
Jour J pour liPhone 8 l Apple TV 4K et l Apple Watch Series 3
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s 64GB Gold Refurbished at 29.99 on 4GEE Essential 2GB...
google acquisition f HTC engineer isnt 2 compete with iPhoneX it is 2 outstrip market with augmented reality improvement apple Android
If you would prefer PayPal with no fee please message m. Please share Apple s Emergency Surgery Fund
This is how I justify buying a 100 Apple Pencil
apollozac yo. Can you check mail on only the LTE connection with Apple Watch 3 or you need iPhone nearby
iPhone X is here  but where are these secret Apple products
Today Friday 10 am at the apple store
When you see an Apple TV review by reckless thats over 5 minutes long you know you need to pour a glass of wine and sit down 
Apple has begun rolling out 4K HDR movies on iTunes in preparation for the new 4Kcapable Apple TV release date...
Seriously want to go apple picking
You can take out the apple then youll have a great sandwich
But the fact that Lemonade still isnt on Apple Music yet is crazy
does streaming on apple music count
5 The Laughing Apple
They both have to watch out for Post Malone who is literally 1 on Spotify Apple and iTunes without a music video.
Yeah goddd they always fuck up with this. Last major update had the font way too big now this
Can I Just Have A Caramel Apple  A Funnel Cake
Today Friday 10 am at the apple store
Google HTC move borrows from Apple Playbook
Apple brilliant designs but musicpodcast apps still horrible now even worse in new iOS sigh
Apple TV 4K handson finally no compromises
Crazy to think because of Apple and MacOS specifically that UNIX has a higher desktop share than Linux
13 hidden features in iOS 11  Mashable
Today Friday 10 am at the apple store
other issue could be questions on rise of anti communist sentiment in the USCCP crack down forced Apple JV wCPP  unencrypted datacalls
I Cant Stomach Any Kind Of Apple Flavored Liquor Or Tequila
Today Friday 10 am at the apple store
Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB  Space Gray Unlocked No Region Lock
I want u to seehearand taste this shit bitch Apple
BigHaj imagine a freaking apple car. Thats something special. Uniquely Apple 
Today Friday 10 am at the apple store
Raised middle finger to Apple Developers for not having incremental update for Xcode.
Apple needs to bring back autobrightness and let me turn off WiFi and Bluetooth from the Control Center not just disconnect...
It works Works....WORKED....
Comparing Apple to Broccoli...
No. Most stores have nothing to offer. No service no stock no excitement. Good reason why Apple Store and others still bustling
SHOP IT HERE
Apple Find My service is helping hackers ransom users systems  Digital Trends
Ha. Well of course not The Apple stuff is clearly all better together. No reason to have the other stuff around.
I thought seeing Natalie Dormer in a hammock with an apple was reason enough. 
Apple s New Watch Goes on Sale With a Glitch
So in other words you cant come up with even 1 thing thats inaccurate.
Apple cannot get the audio to play out of iPad speakers in iOS11 thus is NOT cool FAIL
kyle finding out that you can take pictures on my phone from my watch Apple sponsor us 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Its gucci now lol
No I believe A9 has hardware decoding for 810bit HEVC. But Apple isnt going to write  support a codec for YouTube. It didnt for WMP
Im upset the notifs just pop up at the bottom shdjdn whyyyyyyy 
Apple s iPhone X iPhone 8 lack a feature the Galaxy S8 rocks
Update on the kiddos iPhone 7 freezing problems. She ended up at the local Apple store and they just replaced her phone.
Places to go apple picking in Toronto and the GTA
The iPhone8Launch queue at Singapores Apple Store. Its the first launch here since the store only opened last year. 
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Rose Gold at 9.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Months...
My recommended items are diatomaceous earth a bat wooden candy apple skewers antiqued paper and a mountable eye flushing station. 22
Cant wai for my iPhone 8 Plus to arrive tomorrow Apple
Publishers continue to see monetization problems with Apple News  Digiday
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Happy Rosh Hashanah New year is upon us Eat lots of apple and honey 
Will they ever have other apps ex Apple TV or roku
10 am tomorrow morning outside the apple store
hulusupport why is it that when Im watching a series the Apple TV app auto plays the episode I just finished rather than the next ep.
Of course there always has to be one rotten apple in the tree
Damn I just got fired from an apple product packaging warehouse
If Apple is supposed to be super user friendly WHY IS THE APPLE TV REMOTE SO SMALL OMFG I CAN NEVER FIND IT.
Losing market share. Wish that was true
I think its because all my music is imported from my computer. I dont use Apple Music
The part of Fall I am most excited about is . Flavors of apple and cinnamon Cooler temperatures
TRY APPLE PIE OREOS
Can you open Apple Music links..
Omg really can I text and make calls and use twitter like I am doing now on my old phone  
Istg
Apple Played DNA in all their US stores today 
SouthPark Apple realDonaldTrump coincidence I think not 
Now we all wear apple watches and iMessage each other.
Yeah I looked for the PS ones but didnt see them at my store or the apple pie which I want to try
2 weeks later and android users are still p.r.e.s.s.e.d about the new iPhones lmfao. You dont see Apple users mad when a new Samsung drops
Can we get a charger that works for more than a day please Gone from Samsung to an iphone and chargers are the worst thing ever
Just another ignorant Apple user we both have 12 MP cameras NEXT
That time of the year again iphone8 apple applesheep
Had filet mignon  loaded baked potato for breakfast  now I want bacon  eggs  fried potatoes  toast with apple butter for dinner
Apple s latest product suite gets a rare mixedbag review
I make a whole line of hand rubbed cheeses at my job...i have apple pie and pumpkin spice too 
Apple think they slick. My iPhone aint start fucking up until they announced the new iPhones and with this new iOS update .
Cant see any problems here Telstra Apple checkouttv NewCheaperThanOld DontNeedFoxtel LoveANewPhone KeepingMy5S 
Follow me on Apple Music
So whats the Apple Watch Series 3 with LTEs job Unclear... 
The part of Fall I get most excited about is . Flavors of apple and cinnamon Cooler temperatures
Microsoft confirms plans for a new flagship store in Regent Street opposite Apple 
apple could add a cup holder on the next iPhone but it doesnt matter if they dont figure out how to take good pics of the moon n stars 
You would think Apple would be nice enough to release the new iPhone before they make all the old ones fuck up. Cant even preorder it yet
Sharing music just got SO much easier everyone add me on Apple Music
I invested in Apple Music o my goodness.
Apple Town Square just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
We had a lot of fun with apples today Apple tasting apple dough apple structures and Johnny Appleseed
Nobody told Apple to change the FaceTime ring  We just want three way FaceTime 
Looks like I will be returning the Apple TV. Thanks Apple
Apple really fcked up with this update.. it blows ass. iOS 10 was so much better ios11sucks
Despite being in line for about 10 hours these Vietnamese Apple fans are still really energetic
All retail stores should support Apple Pay
3. Press the power button w volume UP button 4. Apple logo will appear then release the power button ONLY.
is this the new iOS i havent updated yet.
We did apple sink or float  then designed  made apple boats
Clock Is Ticking on the Apple Watch 3s Connectivity Problem 
viticci Federico I heard in Connected 160 you were wondering about the same number story for the Apple Watch
Apple Opening New Store at Meadowhall in Sheffield on iPhone 8 Launch Day  Mac Rumors
Check out SUSAN GRAVER SZ XL APPLE GREEN Knit Open Front Cardigan Ruched Sleeves SusanGraver
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
 AAPL  What Apple Unveiled About the Apple TV Last Week
Were now on Apple TV. Find our live programming global breaking news top interviews and more
Funky Filtered Apple Loops packs available now introductory offer 9.99 for Vol 1  2
lol there is absolutely zero line up for the iPhone 8 at the Apple Store...
We love the Surface haynesbms A few also prefer Apple products fcsvanguard
Apple juice taste so good when Im thirsty
Apple AppleSupport Its 2017 and you got iOS 11. Yall can make it so the clock app tells time unopened it but the compass app dont WTF
businessinsider Apple s iOS 11 is taking major steps to protect your privacy  heres how 
I wish Apple would have matched the bezels on the iPhone 88 to the colors of the phones instead of keeping the standard black and white
Apple s New iPhones Have Three Nasty Surprises
Ooh look its.. not computed on the GPU at all because God Damned Apple . 
89. apple music 
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Apple CEO Tim Cook On The iPhone X Price Tag Augmented Reality And Concerns About Face ID crn
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Resting heart rate alerts arent available on original Apple Watch watchos4 health heart
tonibraxton I Got Every Album you Made Virgos stay Together..So Get Mine SIXTEEN YEARS LATE..BY ARTISTPRODUCER CRICET..ON APPLE MUSIC NOW.
I feel that way about apple pie Oreos.
I just want to eat a whole apple pie with vanilla ice cream.
360WiseNews  Week in Wearables Apple Watch Series 3 Reviewed  So Is It The Worlds Smartest Smartwatch
88. apple music 
Oh hello Apple why is new music suddenly not available on Apple Music India iOS11 
Appreciated Apple as I used this A LOT on the last iPhone
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm  Apple and Qualcomms ongoing patent wars have netted two victo...
4K iTunes Content Limited to Streaming Only No Downloads  Apple has updated its iTunes Store on iOS devices a...
Goodbye apple but its back to android . I gave it a chance thanks but no thanks. robots vs bittenapples
Working for Microsoft must be really sad because no matter what you do youll either have Apple or Linux in your pocket following you.
pink apple pie
i was about to cut myself a piece of cake and i thought you know what im gonna eat an apple and try to be healthier for fh newme 
degiovanamoroso is now listening to The Laughing Apple by Yusuf  Cat Stevens
This from As Apple s Stock Price Sets Records Declining China Sales Forced Apple to Accept WeChat Pay  AAPL
great now we gotta thank Apple for letting these chisme hoes screen cap our shit
JK Rowling Facebook and Apple among those donating to Mexican earthquake relief
Resting heart rate alerts arent available on original Apple Watch watchos4 health heart
Ive been really wanting a watch lately. Like an apple watch or a fitbit
Australian ad sector echoes US concerns over Apple s new cookie controls Which50 adtech
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models  Anonymous
Apple showcasing 4K HDR Movies with new featured section in iTunes
The 19 Best Places to Go Apple Picking in the United States
Im so PISSED OFF I DELETED THE TWITTER APP AND NOW I HAVE THE UGLY ASS UPDATE WITH THE CIRCLE ICONS FUCK YOU Apple IM NOT PLAYING WTH YOU
Or maybe the people at apple just dont know how to count lol
http ow.lyPUoc30fkiAY Apple Users Now There Are Technical Support Scams Posing As  Apple Techs CyberSecurity CIDC
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Aye bruh Apple make this happen
I liked a YouTube video
Will the game come to apple to
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
Are you intrigued by this A curious Apple fan wants to know.
444 twitter dont have tidal or apple music I guess still buying bootlegs out here lol
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
The Chronic by Dr. Dre on Apple Music
Hot. Apple . Cider.
todayatapple photowalk apple shotoniphone developingyourstyle Apple The Fashion Mall at
Wall Street ends lower Apple out of favor
Apple Boom Timeline 1883  Stevensville held a Fruit Fair to celebrate the success of the apple industry....
APPLEINSIDER Phone X event at Steve Jobs Theater frames the future of Apple  Inc. cybersecurity
Who wants to be my iTunes slave  Gift Me things I want from the Apple Store. Oh yeah and I want a new iPhone. adoptabill findom
These are Apple s 10 largest acquisitions ever topped by its 3 billion play for Toshibas chip business
A Week On The Wrist The Apple Watch Series 3 Edition  HODINKEE
It turns out an Apple Watch was the secret weapon to rigging a game of baseball. Touch.
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
Yesterday only 2 of my contacts was on that new Apple Music shit now I got a lotta yall that updated ya shit
Apple  Not Google Or Facebook  Will Define The Future Of Augmented Reality via ForbesTech
COME ON OVER TO THE WIRELESS SIDE SIS.
CordsofSteel The Freedom Charger. The toughest smartest charging charging cord. Can be used on Apple  android or any Micro USB device. 
thought you was on this new Apple Music shit.
The other star of Apple s event Good news for the middle class
                    Î¾   
Why did apple skip iPhone 9 Because 7 8ate 9 sloanalcorn
The piece of Fall I am most excited for is . Smells of apple  pumpkin Cooler temperatures
New post What Apple Unveiled About the Apple TV Last Week  The Motley Fool has been published on Trade ...  
Feathered Nesst Public House  featherednesst  Two Towns Bright is on replacing Rambling Route Apple Cider  ramblingroute 
What in the fuckery
heard about this from our security manager today WTAF indeed. yeah they dont get some parts of the IT world...
ios 11 bitch thank you Apple
why oh why you are speaking Spanish to meeeeeeee
Is this deadass the lock screen when music plays now Apple wtff its so ugly Im upset 
You be like
Apple IPhone 6s Plus  32GB  Gold Verizon Smartphone Price 300.00 View and Buy this ...
Thats not an answer.
Apple why is my phone overheated so bad that its so hot i cant even touch it
dude hide your apple candy lube before your mother walks in bro
No doubt I cant imagine the apple falling far from the tree
Apple HomeKit
Juliana brings the doctor some of the nice warm apple pie here would you like some milk with it She asks warmly.
Apple iPad Pro 128GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray
E theres something called the internet. But just for you heres a sneak peek 
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm 
Finally discovering what the Big Apple  actually means 
Apple TV 4K Expected to Gain Dolby Atmos Sound Tech
I love the way you neglected to mention all the buttons and features your removing XD
About FaceID by griffey
Dude same its literally insane how fast it dies
Hot apple cider please
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
we are a corruptible people. Just look at what Apple is doing to them. I refuse to but anything Apple . Samsung is corrupt but not THAT much
Its messed up my Apple Music connection in my truck.
What Apple Unveiled About the Watch Last Week Apple Watchs Series 3 continues to upgrade
Damn. On a good note my dry rubbed and apple wood smoked chicken wings were tremendous on Sunday.
Where did my clock on my lock screen go Apple AppleSupport iOS11 Apple 
apple cider vinegar benefits for weight loss low fat high fiber diet menu diet
burned 84 calories doing 21 minutes of Apple Health App Workout myfitnesspal
I ONLY HAVE 7 IN ITUNES MONEY. THIS IS MY LAST MONTH OF APPLE MUSIC goin thru a lot rn
Apple iPhone 5S 16GB Verizon  GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE iOS Smartphone
iOS 11 Apple maps bossed up big time
New IOS takes 2 hours to charge. apple You sux RIP Steve Jobs
Apple has a full comparison here btw
 Apple s thrower enters pursued by storm troopers. 
FLAWLESS SERIES 2 Apple Watch 42mm Space Black Steel Space Black Link Bracelet
I had 2 bowls of mac  cheese today but now Im eating an apple so its ok
Apple cuts cookies  but there is more to come in the online advertising We need tech give consumers its want  advertisers it need BLT 739
Apple iPad 1st Gen 16GB A1219 MB292LLA Wi Fi  Black  Silver  Fair Condition for 24.99 with 29d 23h via eBay
This healthy apple eating Demon with Grandma earrings on in DeathNote is hilarious. Thanks for the laugh Netflix .
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Youll be welcomed back with open arms Sincerely your Apple family.
Dont go to the Mountain when it will come to you seattletimes VisitSeattle olloclip Apple AppleNews Microsoft
Happy iPhone 8 day Î¾ Apple Orchard Roadhttpswww.instagram.compBZUmmS2DD5o
Holiday Cherries Canning Cherries in Apple Cider
also my apple is on the other side of the room i wanna get it but i dont wanna expose myself
Yeah saw the poster  looks amazeballs
When the apple doesnt fall far from the tree truestory
Apple may have unintentionally solved smartphone addiction
AppleSupport If I was to trade in my original Apple Watch for a series 3 would I get a discount
Apple Falls as Report Indicates Weak Demand ETFs in Focus via Barchart
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.... JS
You still my cinnamon apple IDC IDC IDC
Heres how to hide iMessage apps in iOS 11
NowPlaying Future Ft. Rick Ross  Thats A Check on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Fall for Apple s tricks
I feel so disrespected with apple and this not having a plug for headphones
I feel like its condescending when my Apple Watch congratulates me for standing 12 times a day.
I liked a YouTube video
Just bought pumpkin spice yogurt and cinnamon rolls and a caramel apple and ingredients for pumpkin cheesecake outofcontrol fallfever
On Live badreedband  Bone Apple Tea te alt rock
The main thing I hate now is how I cant pull down to read my messages before I actually read them and send a Read receipt.
For example I hate questions. Pretty crazy right  Im a realtor and I work at Apple  but I hate questions. Its weird how I work.
Disable Apple s Find My Device to Stop Hackers From Ransoming Your Mac or iPhone
Excellent Apple 
Falling apart at the seamless Inside Apple s LTE Watch fiasco
Whats different whats it look like send pics
Girl im so fucking mad I wanna cuss Apple out
You can follow people now on Apple Music
Today is the iPhone 8 launch day surprisingly like not many people Q at the apple store
Take it to apple and downgrade it back to 10.3 I did it theyll do it for free
Prophecy holds despite. Gods love doesnt change. Best for all to seek revelation of what we read. Israel is the apple of Gods eye.
Funny Apple would not unlock a terrorists phone but Zuckerberg handing over ads and customers. Hope that incl  trail to the banks.
apple music
 Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
iOS 11 is already on almost 15 percent of Apple devices
This Apple Watch update is getting on my last nerve.. Im gonna be 80 years old by the time it finishes.
Buy5S SE Luxury 360 Degree Coverage Hard PC Case For Apple iPhone 5 5S SE 6 6S 7 Plus Sli Malaysia shop click here
Guessing a lot of people search Apple Music for For the damaged coda given how few keypresses before it is the top result.
Cisco Apple Partnership Conversation CLUS17
Like sis leave me alone and let me buy my strawberry apple sauce and cosmic brownies
Nice Apple Watch man
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
IDK but its already out on Apple Music 
New post What Apple Unveiled About the Watch Last Week
It appears the Apple LTE watch was never tested in Starbucks proTip Test hardware before selling hardware. iphone xcode marketing
Its just faster and has better chips cameras battery ect. Looks exactly the same. Wait for the iPhone 8s next year or get the X.
i wanna do screen recording acc reviews but I always wait a while to get the new updates so apple can work out any issues.
Presbyterian PCA  next Question
CAN YALL MAKE IT HAPPEN Apple come on twitter do yall thing..
Been keeping an eye on Apple .
EXPENSIVE APPLE JUNK .. STEP DOWN COOK .. STEVE JOBS WOULD HAVE NEVER DONE WHAT YOU HAVE
Craziest thing Ive ever done to my hair is putting mayo apple cider vinegar and egg yolk in it not at once 
Unboxing the new Apple TV. It has no HDMI cable WTF 
Football is as American as apple pie. But if apple pie caused CTE Id sure as hell stop eating it. Time to boycottfootball  right
Was listening on apple music but I just bought it.. 
Turn up the jams Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are coming to the 2018 Acura MDX.
sure that work. utterly stupid though. thanks Apple .
Finally Apple
Well we all know that apple is the best right
it neverrrrrr fails dude  i forget my apple password soooo much
They love the free shit not America. Apple CEO says he wants more illegal immigrants to come here
My new Apple Watch Band follow me on twitter 
Imagine biting into a skittle the size of an apple
u can never go wrong with apple cinnamon but look at DINO EGGSWHAT
Video Review Apple TV 4K Plus and Minuses  Patently Apple
September can be a very busy time of year in RI. From backtoschool activities apple picking to enjoying the...
Just bought my girl a Apple Watch
The Nine Lives of Cat Stevens Yusuf Islam Embraces His Musical Past on The Laughing Apple PEO.. ÎÄ
Its like Apple made my phone to act up right when their new phones come out. Bruh.
Week in Wearables Apple Watch Series 3 Reviewed  So Is It The Worlds Smartest Smartwatch
Apple s New iPhones Have Three Nasty Surprises
iOS11 has officially fucked my phone up Apple great hardware software I believe is still being built from a garage though
Lmao I got apple care still
you sound like you are proud to be on SSDI are you
Dave Lenweaver of Clean Slate Farm makes a killer apple pie  and a little kit to help you make
Apple TV 4Kreview
STREAM YT SPOTIFY APPLE MUSIC ETC JUST STREAM LETS GET THEM TO HOT100 DONT YALL WANNA KNOW WHAT THE SURPRISE IS HERStreamingParty
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe APPLE CREAM RECIPE
Like a orchestra Steve Jobs was the conductor of Apple .
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Get really protected using dell hp Microsoft samsung apple lenovo intel amd Windows TECNOMobileNG ericsson technology..
Do You Need A Ride  Chris Fairbanks Karen Kilgariff
Caramel Apple Bites. The Perfect Apple Season Fall Snack
The great ios ios11 iphone Apple 3DTouch 
The best Apple HomeKit compatible products for your smart home 
Just saw the pumpkin spice ones are back out along with the Apple pie ones
Apple cider slushes are the way to my heart
i first read apple pie and i was like what does that have 2 do w weed
thanks Ashley gl in the big apple
Closing out the last official day of summer with our first apple picking adventure.
Finally caught up with Samsung...
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Our Conversation with Apple  WhiteLabeled Event Apps are in the Past
Looks so cool if only I could afford it lol
Apple may have its issues but its hard to deny they make a good chipset.
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international
Nah I dont play like that
Apple RomaEst just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
The aspect of Fall I am most excited for is . Tastes of apple and cinnamon Cooler temps
Apple Music
ICYTWAT bruh I almost teared up when I saw Cooling on apple music. Good lookssss
3 big problems with Apple Watch Series 3
Cisco and Apple Announce New Features
Eek Sounds like the Apple ID might be a good candidate for a memorable wordlist password.
iOS 11 vs Android 8.0 Oreo  Full  Final Visual Comparison Screenshots  Apple iOS 11 vs Google Android 8.0 Or
Couple more things... 1. Apple really pissed me off w this no auxcord jack. I cant charge and listen at the same time....TRASH.
Well Apple people are hard core and those that dont may. Its the way of the world.
DM me if you miss the cut tomorrow. I hope you dont but Im 100 sure youre receiving wrong information despite the excellent Apple camera
It has been 10 days since the launch of Apple iPhoneX and iPhone8 . How do you guys feel about the qualities and of course the prices 
shawty had them apple bottom jeans
None of ya business
One thing I HATE THE MOST about 1.11 apple update. You go into text messages and in HUGE letters it says Messages.. like thanks didnt know
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Silver at 659.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Mont...
Ill stick with my iPhone 6 thanks. Maybe next year if the phone doesnt look exactly the same and actually has new cool features.
Apple will bring back iPhones 3D Touch multitasking gesture in future iOS 11 update  The Verge
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
fuck Apple for thinking a damn update was gonna fix my phone
Apple Watch Series 3 Review The Smartwatch That Could Change Your Mind.
Best Bluetooth Inear Headphones for the Apple iPhone 7
The Dumbbell Nebula also known as Apple Core Nebula Messier 27 M 27 or NGC 6853 is a planetary nebula in the constellation Vulpecula.
Scatty. Try to stay up to date on the ever changing pejorative.
If Apple launch in Malaysia same date with SG I bet now we here have 1870 queuing  Right Pak
Hey Apple  SamsungMobile Fuck you and your constant must have new phones stop spamming me to death. Im not buying the shit NEMore ok
Apple s iTunes 12.7 update didnt turn out the way Dr. Mac was hoping
My New Music playlist on Apple Music is killing it today. Have added several awesome new songsartists.
Jessica Hunt helping out at the St. George Apple Fest... 
Looks like the Sportsnet broadcast just caught Ned Yost checking his Apple watch. BlueJays Royals
Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Gold Unlocked No Region Lock
After Apple educated me
Anyone else hate that they can no longer update the apps on their iPhone through iTunes on their Mac Grrrrrr. Apple
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at
THX APPLE
Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple  Reuters
Brisbane didnt have an Apple Store so people mainly queued outside Optus. The lined snaked around on itself and filled the Queen St Mall.
MeI love apple . Its so healthy. Like an apple a day keeps a doctor away Him Me away..  Him Me
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
apple iOS11 the WiFi widget is not turning off the WiFi the way it did in iOS 10. 
Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple
So now yall telling mfs when we screenshotting CMON apple
Is The Apple Store Down  Apple released 2 new Software Updates
SO proud of bronando14 making his way onto the music scene ohmytemptations check it out on Apple Music  Spotify
Its a bit funny that the App of the Day today has the same name and functionality of an app Apple acquired 4 years ago.  DavidHodge 
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores Ap 
I bought my first Apple iPhone  and I regret it
httpwww. healthline.comnutrition6pr ovenhealthbenefitsofapplecidervinegar  Are you ready to test the benefits of apple cider vinegar for type2diabetes and other conditions
Right but Im not about to go out and buy me a whole apple watch alongside my iPhone now am i
Cranberry  Apple Crisp... easy and delicious. falldessertsarethebest
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 32GB Silver Refurbished at 49.99 on 4GEE Max 40GB 24...
Could Google s Potential Acquisition of HTC Topple Apple in the Wake of New iPhone Prices
Sooo..how many illegals have they used at Apple 
RT iosnewsio How to Sign Up for iCloud Family Storage Plans in iOS 11  iOS News ios iosdev apple Indie Gam...
apple is gross why did i switch lowkey like every new update gets uglier and uglier i miss ios 10
If Apple maps told me where police were I would delete waze . DoItForTheCulture
Is it Apple HomeKit compatible if not thats the reason its 10
Tomorrow is the big day Apple fans
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at
God please stop Just drop him  go stream  Wr have 5 hours left make DNA mv to 40M. Spotify apple music too. Karmy stream ksites
Everyone hates their TV UI. Id pay to use Apple s UI instead. But having video look normal sort of feels like the first priority.
When can I pre order iPhoneX Please Apple AppleNews AppleSupport
apple must know its my last day so they actually give me all the good songs when i shuffle
Yo shout out to apple theyll fix my beats free of charge shout out to warranties
NowPlaying Bone Apple Tea  Bad Reed
Apple formally revealed indefinite early issue during its WWDC developer conference in Jun sole of which was a latest iPad Affirmative...
Apple ipad pro 10.5 release date specs and everything you need to know  pocketlint ... 
Those kind of things were the reason why the iPhone 3g was my first and last Apple product. And cause they keep asking more and more money
Lmfaoooooooo I work for a Apple too and I aint even know you could do all this
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
The piece of Fall I get most excited for is . Tastes of apple and cinnamon Cooler temps
New Tutorial on
Waiting for you to get your phone and tell me how that happened
Apple n cinnamon
There were a bunch of fruit flies and we didnt have a trap so we stabbed holes in an apple and left it for bait...
iOS 11 is the worst update EVER. My phone crashes constantly and the battery drains way too fast. Absolutely horrible. AppleSupport Apple
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
I like it a lot it really taste like caramel. I think if you like sweet or the Apple youll like it.
No hes an Apple Follow for more random ha ha funny geek humor
The Apple of business. Free software solution comes with hardware to pay againstthetrend can be the trend
New Apple IPhone X has no home button I think it takes away Apple s identity
Apple s iOS 11 is taking major steps to protect your privacy  heres how 
Display Release on apple CAST
FLAWLESS SERIES 2 Apple Watch 42mm Space Black Steel Space Black Link Bracelet
Im eating an apple in hopes it wont make me sick
White Christian Why would Eve eat the Apple  Couldnt follow ONE rule Same white Christian Why cant I say nr
this is the smartest thing apple has done in a while 
yeah not seeing it my dude lol. i use apple music so im not sure if its like a spotify thing only
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Apple accused of deliberately slowing older products to persuade people to buy new iPhones
I mean check the pic up in the feed just shows Apple people will defend there shitty product even with facts showing its crap
 AAPL  What Apple Unveiled About the Watch Last Week
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Googles HTC move borrows from Apple s playbook  Techworld Australia
The big problem with the Apple Watch Series 3
Thats her way of admitting she jumped in bashing ppl who did nothing to her negating her claim of being attacked first
I liked a YouTube video
Apple wins two patent rulings against Qualcomm
Some watchOS 4 features missing from Series 0 Apple Watch
Anger issues
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
Apple so where do the photos that I delete from the recently deleted go
ilied Apple Music came clutch af i was actually hating hard on it before
Back up ur phone
I liked a YouTube video
Ill delete all these tweets about spotlight  when Apple fix it.
CEO de Apple
I liked a YouTube video
Shoutout to Apple I can finally see what my friends are listening to
Jacksons Orchard is on Saturday Sept. 30th at 11 a.m. Please join us to pick a pumpkin drink some apple cider and ride the hay ride 
Apple Inc.  AAPL Shares Sold by Pensionfund Sabic
Apple put Mario kart in the iMessage Games
Man I wish they sold the new Apple Watch in KL.
Apple accused of deliberately slowing older products to persuade people to buy new iPhones
current bathbodyworks wallflower blend throughout my apartment farmstand apple fresh bamboo vanilla  patchouli fiji white sands
RT businessinsider  Apple s iOS 11 is taking major steps to protect your privacy  heres how 
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Silver at 99.99 on 4GEE Max 25GB 24 Month...
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
In iOS6 I could control the Apple TV with my xbox controller wouldnt get lost as often too
Apple iPhone 6 6S  Factory Unlocked ATTTMobile Space Gray Silver Gold 249.99 via eBay
im hot i deadass started searching everywhere apple music soundcloud even googled that shit
Are apple watches worth it
When your momma can rap i dont give a fuck about you in true hood she still aint half as cool as momma apple
Speaking of food the only good pie at McDs is Apple everything else is awful
Check out China Pearl Casuals Apple pattern set of 4 Coffee cups Apple Coffee Mugs
NEW Apple iPhone 8 Plus  256GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone  Ships 922
Today my beautiful 8 yearold granddaughter Savannah Grace made her first Apple Pie and carried on her Nanas recipe 
Are Apple watches worth it
do you guys know how annoyed i am every day that mr. potter  the heart attack mini isnt on Apple Music
Apple has pissed me off for today
POTUS Trump Should Buy UN Headquarter BuildingsThen Sell Them To Disney For Development Of NEW EpcotNYs Big Apple Central UNGA MAGA 
I liked a YouTube video
businessinsider Apple s iOS 11 is taking major steps to protect your privacy  heres how 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
And when did his Adams apple get so big
I had to leave IOS this year. I just couldnt handle it anymore. It seems like Apple puts out the same phone every year. Im android now.
saraloebig you can download my FJM playlist from Apple Music. Its his live set so you can be ready for the show Saturday
All I want is apple juice and salt  vinegar chips
Apple s iOS 11 is taking major steps to protect your privacy  heres how 
Skin detox  muscle relaxer Epsom salt Apple cider vinegar and baking soda
Just count the days between Apple ad and this ad. Apple needs to run a lot faster just to stay where they are.
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
A great visit to thedampfwerk this morning. Awesome apple brandy and German style liqueurs.
Apple get down from there You could get hurt
Why I ordered the Apple Watch 3 but theres a gotcha
Yo Im loving the new interactive features in Apple Music with the new iOS Im about it
Whats Yost doing there with his Apple watch BlueJays
Apple TV 3rd Generation w Remote Power and HDMI Cables included 59.99 via eBay
Apple AppleSupport since Ive installed the update iOS11 there have been so many problems and glitches. Hope theres another update soon.
Display Release on apple CAST
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
iPhone X among Apple s first devices getting Netflix HDR
ICYMI Apple Doesnt Hide Its Customer Community So Why Do You by jdavidson
iPhone X among Apple s first devices getting Netflix HDR
First iPhone 8 Apple Watch Series 3 Apple TV 4K preorders arrive now on sale at international Apple stores
20 Apple Breakfast Recipes Perfect for Fall Mornings
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
APPLE IPad  1ST GEN  16GB  WIFI TABLET Price 49.73 View and Buy this item on ...
3 amigos ..... Apple Hill
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Man apple full of Shit... I want my iPhone X Now Fuck the wait and preorder Shit....
I has expandable memory via microSD. The headset is fun but I barely use it. Guests enjoy it. However behold me multitasking. 
Do NOT upgrade to iOS11 or you will trash your Apple products like I did.
CommanderConway did apple ever help you with the phone speaker problem If so what did you do to fix it beacuse mine is doing the same.
Haha just like Im gonna slip and fall onto a bottle of crown apple
SM apple flavored beer youll never taste apple juice the same way again. Hustisya
Apple Watch Series 03. 
APPLE WIRELESS WHITE EARBUDS MMEF2AM BRAND NEW SEALED  Apple Airpods 169.00 via eBay
The Apple A11 Bionic Chip has the same number of transistors than the Intel Xeon 15 core 4.31 Billion engineering
Unopened Brand NEW Apple AirPods 150.00 via eBay
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Nice lady across from me on the train is knitting and snacking on an apple . I just finished my second can of smuggled booze.
You are the Apple Messiah
I liked a YouTube video
Pls assist Apple AppleSupport messenger
httpswww. theverge.com20179221634 9518iphone8shortlaunchdaylines  Lack of Innovation Has Caught up to Bean Counter timcook . Bring in creative blood  aapl iPhone8 Apple tech
Listen to Trophies Remix by Tory Lanez on Apple Music
Apple iPhone 8 or 8 Plus Space Gray Gold Silver 256GB
Barley cabbage apple . And slow roast pork. campordie Camp Cookhouse and General Store
BEG JackJ jackgilinsky iTunes
Mr Cook. Did Apple fix the connection issue Thanks
Everyones waiting for the iPhone X and that may be bad news for Apple
My APPLE USB cable wont work in my car since I updated yesterday
My iPhones memory is now consumed by the OS and updated apps. No more space for photos and videos. Apple
is there any way to tell when IT 2017 will be available on apple 
MAYWARD ATandemToLOVE PushAwardsMayWards roaches are granny smith apple orange blossoms are lightslategray sugar is sweet at ang pogi ko
Thank God for Apple care
WHY DOES SIRI SOUND DIFFERENT THIS ISNT RIGHT APPLE
Checking out the new toys     applewatch apple iwatch iphone watch tech techie 
Jus smashed a big bowl of apple jacks
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Buy Apple because more expensive 1000 iPhone X will boost its profit Analyst  CNBC
WE APPRECIATE YOU  Get the Apple or Android APP
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
sncardin Lets go to apple hill
Hey appleiphone8 when you say gold I expect gold Not rose gold Apple
omg. Gonna make that apple cider mimosa ASAP
On this overtime I sold an Apple Watch series 3
Full screen this if you crash the Enterprise by swiping the wrong direction youre using Android  ur life can be improved by going Apple 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
apple store  blackmirror . Ill just be here pondering the demise of humanity till a genius comes and talks to me.
I liked a YouTube video
iPhone 8 Plus vs. Galaxy Note 8 Camera FaceOff Apple Has the Edge
Facebook Scraps Plan To Create NonVoting Stock Following Lawsuit has been published on Latest News on Apple ... 
VCA News Apple has worst week in 17 months on muted demand
apple . there I fixed the ATV remote problems with the new ATVs. replaced remote with the old ATV
The three biggest changes in Apple s iOS11 update
White ceramic watch 3 perfection is to say the least getting things setup screen and speed and materials already Apple thanks
Were you already an Apple ownerPhoneLaptop desktop etc. I just got an iPhone SE last week to replace a flip phone. Have MacBookAIr.
Instead of trading my old phone in to Apple for little to no meaningful credit they should redistribute our old phones 2 developing world
Petition to add Polls to Apple imessaging
omg that sucks wtf  FUCK APPLE MAN
Apple Working Towards 5.8inch OLED iPhone
Cant decide if I want to stay with Apple or go to Android. CarPlay is better and so is Apple Pay.
Im actually in love with these Toy Story apple watch faces  I dont even like Toy Story
Rotten apple 
APPLE IS TRYING TO HACK ME
IPTV New Apple TV only allows streaming of 4K content not downloading
My face is like an apple its just a circle
I liked a YouTube video
8 elago W3 Stand Original White  Vintage Apple MonitorSupports Nightstand ModeCable
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
messenger Anybody noticing Messenger wont launch on Apple products right now iPad  iPhone dont work even after reboot and update.
im assuming apple replaced all of their tech with a sentient mass of interconnected dongles
do you have Spotify or Apple Music
apple my love ios 11 the pest
New Oakley Airwave 1.5 Snow Goggles Silver Txt Apple Black Iridium GPS Bluetooth
UGH THATS SO CUTE MY MF CINNAMON APPLE
Apple removed features on iPhone x and called it innovation. No more touch ID
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
I have it but I have no way of inserting DVDs. Classic Apple
Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay
I got my new Apple iPhone 8 plus today. What color did you get
I really been on the phone with Apple for damn near 2 hours
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple iPod Classic 5th Generation Black 30 GB 3625 28.88 via eBay
FaZeKay ricegum please do not get the new iPhone Android has been doing the same thing for years. Apple sucks.
MacRumors HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
iPhone 8 finally First day of distribution in the US today. apple iphone8 spacegray 
Cant use my new Apple watch bc my phone wont update or back up. Called apple and was hung up on. No call back. Horrible Cust Svc.
omggggg i can control apple tv from the control centre FINALLY 
My phone keeps closing apps by itself Apple is not playing with my broke ass
iPhone 7 mysteriously dies a lot faster since the iPhone 8 and iPhone X came out. Anyone else AskingForAFriend Apple AppleSupport
Now available AngryOrchard Crisp Apple Cider lagunitasbruhws IPA
ViCE  The Compromise Of Apple s Most Expensive iPhone Yet HBO
Healthy Apple Cake  Best Recipes
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
May have to switch to android like coachcarnage and brewyah did. Apple why do you disarm me gimmiebackmygun 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Hey check out MoneyCoach. It helps to manage your money every month. Get it now for free. Apple iPhone8
Why apple is my favorite
Evidence in case Facebook needs it. iOS11 Screen Recording is really useful. 
The Apple Watch is still the one to beat
My mom knitted me a fall hat today. She is such a love smotherer sometimes it looks like Im wearing an apple 
Teardown Apple Says the iPhone 8 Isnt an iPhone 7sBut Its Internals Say Otherwise
I liked a YouTube video
Apple associate told me to give it a try. He loves his.
 APPLE  ALICIA KEYSPHARRELL WILLIAMS 0857
My 4yearold just yelled at a story inconsistency on his cartoon. Proudest day of my life Apple didnt fallfar from the tree apparently.
facebookmessenger facebookmessengerdown I kinda like talking to people so with it crashing its honestly making for bad day iOS11 apple
Apple s New iPhone 8 Gets Torture Tested Video
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
1 Night in June  Single by Pacmanjones on Apple Music
Apple first one in at the apple store CFMarketMall a little kids dream came true today. 
No I smashed it on the floor as its a piece of junk. They want me to pay to replace the logic board which they just replaced 14 mos ago.
Apple Fans Missing For iPhone 8 Release Day  CBS Los Angeles
Say Apple with your iPhone update ruining my iPhone  new iPhones insanely priced what nonApple phone would you recommend I switch to
If its an iPhone you can go to an Apple Store make appointment on line 1st  those cats will get it goin for ya in shake off rabbits tail
No lines outside Apple Store on day of new phone release. This seems to be a global trend.
When three John Denver tunes come on in a row on shuffle you know youre blessed Apple Music I forgive you x
Dont think its apple as Im on iOS11 and still crashed. Must be Facebook
Pls provide Power Bsnks free with all iPhone modelspoor battery life
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Mine mine too and I need to use it just right now
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Gold at 49.99 on 4GEE 5GB 24 Months contrac...
Oh wow Apple so glad that I can no longer go on Facebook messenger on my phone without it crashing ios11
FYI I had an apple pie gelato. I ate way too well today.
Bestfriend I Love You My Apple Apple
All these iPhone updates yet we still have to go in to each contact and delete them individually apple
TopNewsNow HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Arctic Panther is more interesting than anything Apple poops out.
Apple s Latest Products Get Rare MixedBag Reviews
Of course Pumpkin Spice Salted Caramel Mocha and my specialty Cinnamon Apple Pie.
iPhone 8 8 Plus draw fewer Apple fans as many hold out for X
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPad Pro 12.9 128GB Gold at 49.99 on MBB 4GEE Max 20GB 24 M...
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple presents 8 things to love about iPhone 8
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Made apple fritters
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple presents 8 things to love about iPhone 8
Crowd Gather at Apple Store as Apple Releases iphone 8 Today Others Await Iphone X
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
I have to stop reading need to bake an apple strudel but this is such a twitter page turner
The day the iPhone 8 comes out my phone suddenly starts glitching.. no Apple dont start.
What do you do with Google Apple  Facebook etc Tax them. Fine them. Regulate them. Aim for a European Superstate  bruces at nextconf 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple has done a horrible job advertising the iPhone 8
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Today a client brought us a fresh homemade apple pie just because. Theres still good ppl
The new Iphones so expensive bcuz with wireless charging apple will not be getting another cent from yuh after purchase. NochargerToReplace
The new Apple update is TERRIBLE 
pschiller can you clarify if Apple TV 4K in Dolby Vision will also output HDR for those with HDR10 TVs Thank you
Same here Ive rebooted the device and uninstalled the app but still nothing. Ps Danielle looks really pretty lady 
Stream me on Apple Music
Apple VO2 max on Apple Watch
Gospel Snippets Bible Study And Shaking The Apple Tree
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
A Week On The Wrist The Apple Watch Series 3 Edition
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
I liked a YouTube video
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
When you set up your iPhone it shoulda asked you for apple Id
Happy fall Tis officially the season for bonfires and pumpkin and apple goodness and all
Paying with Apple Pay is great dont need to take out my card again
Pretty sure an apple got thrown at my car today
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models 
EE also ended my roaming minutes and texts and ended my free apple music subscription
First rule of Apple . Just say No
YOU CAN Now broadcast YOUR message to ALL Apple and Android phones. Within a hundredyard
YOU CAN Now broadcast YOUR message to ALL Apple and Android phones. Within a hundredyard
this Russ radio on apple music is SOoooOoOoO good
Green apple
My mom doesnt get it...... my phone doesnt need to be updated.... IT CANT MOVE FROM THE APPLE SIGN
I tricked my mom into drinking a goose IPA. told her it was an apple cider
howyouBEN is hitting the cold ones tonight and I found apple cinnamon rice cakes at Walmart its the little things that keep me going
COACH Classic Apple IPOD Leather Case Black Red
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Check out Vintage Recipe Cards 3X5 Foldout Apple Kitschy Heres Whats Cookin 18pc unknown
VerizonSupport why dont you support single sign in or Comedy Central on the Apple TV
Apple HomeKit devices are suddenly booming
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Redemption Alewerks  redemptionales  Blakes Apple Lantern  BlakesHardCider  is on replacing Ash  Elm Ciders Idle Summer
Gets new Apple Watch on TMobile .... it wont activate lol. Might return it.... what a joke
Blakes Apple Lantern  BlakesHardCider  is on replacing Ash  Elm Ciders Idle Summer
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Im not happy yet I couldnt activate LTE on the Apple Watch Im on the phone with ATT now but Im also waiting for my Watch to sync.
just tried apple bacon sasuke from local sasuke shop
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Check out Vintage Recipe Cards 3X5 Foldout Apple Kitschy Heres Whats Cookin 18pc unknown
I liked a YouTube video
I could see it going either way especially if the apple is that fake apple crap.
Lemme Update My Apple Watch
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple Watch Series 3 Unboxing  Review  Watch 3 Smooth bro
Fall Colour Fall Apple Harvest Driving Tour York Durham Headwaters Sept 2324 YDHtourism OshawaCulture DurhamTourism YourCaledon 
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
People can FOLLOW u on Apple Music wow this is easily the coolest part of my week 
Adam and eve picked the apple  but Jesus picked YOU
Apple Im having issues in facebook messenger and WhatsApp since I upgrade to iOS11
Apple iOS 11 release date How to download for iPhone and iPad
More Apple Fun Day fun coolCatholicSch apples 
Ive done it in the past. Made me determined
Ready to set up your Apple TV 4K Check out these tips for 4K HDR10 and Dolby Vision.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing
Apple cider vinegar and haldi powder.
Wow thank u you apple
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Chinas Guizhou province to oversee Apple s data project  AAPL
Apple Music g
Q le pasooo
Check out Apple Mania by Crayz 4 Slime on Storenvy.
I dont think I like this screen watching thing Apple
My phones doing that thing where apple announce a new iphone and all of a sudden my 4month old phone starts glitching
Just updated my phone follow me on Apple Music 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
OtterBox Symmetry Series for Apple iPhone 55s
Savage When you receive Apple tips for iOS11 but cant upgrade because you have an iPhone 5c. savage irony 
Apple Music
Apple playin games. My whole music library in the cloud just disappeared
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  Macworld
New iOS Features  6 Ways Apple Got It Wrong
Ever think of billing and coding Specimen processing
Apple please squish thy bugs iOS11
RT MacRumors HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
So sad my Apple Watch is on back order Apple
Apple pie oreos horrifyingly disgusting. 010 stars. Yuck.
Apple Music didnt lie 
If Yall Wanna Stream Via Apple Music SuperBassForTheCulture
OMG I think that head even got bigger since yesterday....Loving my Andre and all the big things he brings to DAYS Doolmoji
Big UPs to apple for an easy activation on the new iPhones all I had to do was put the two phones together and everything transferred
Thanks Apple for making me feel sick with this new update 
Maybe but it shits me that Apple opaquely changes the behaviour of a setting just so something hardly anyone uses is slightly easier.
Apple Watch Series 1 38 mm Stainless Steel with White Sports Band  original box 180.00 via eBay
I liked a video from TheeNerdwriter  Why Apple Needs Samsung
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple iPhone 8 PLUS 256gb GSM  CDMA UNLOCKEDUSA Model Apple WarrantyBRAND NEW  eBay
Watch Netflix not Amazon Video. Listen to Apple Music not Spotify.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
The new iPhone 8 is gorgeous iphone8 apple silver
Is it true I got two notifications from my Apple news app and I was ashamed
Im an . Apple fan and all but this seems misleading. 2 hours longer than the 7 but 1 hour less for vid and web time 
tech technology mobilegeb The fall 2017 Apple iPhone lineup we now have 8 iPhones to choose
time to drive to the trader joes for their apple cider
Hold on to your Apple Loving hat ... LouDobbs can be pretty hard on Apple  tech companies.
No they arent free. You have to pay for it. Payment plans. No one dies.
I can add labels to my art work Apple prints become diagrams MrLantzT Evamere 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apple Fun Day was so fun coolCatholicSch apples 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
My tweet when I Apple deleted itself.. weird
Dont make me Apple turn this account into an apple and yodel hate account
An apple a day keeps the doctor away but if the doctor is cute forget the fruit
Come celebrate the start of fall by visiting the Julian Apple Days Festival this weekend For details visit
Heres how Apple tried to sell me on the iPhone 8  CNET 
angellicabell That apple rose tart did it for me brilliant congratulations
iPhones r the truly best smartphones on the market. I totally love my iPhone 7 plus.
Are you a SelfPublished author Enter the New Apple BOOK AWARDS at
Apple presents 8 things to love about iPhone 8 
How to Activate Night Shift and Apple s Secret Inverted Colors Mode in iOS 11
 Go check out my album FIRE Available on ITunes  Apple Music 
I need to get some apple cinnamon candles
iOS 11 is arriving tomorrow here are your official release notes  Apple RSS
The iPad is the only Apple device I use. Everything else is Windows or Android.. Ive never got in with iPhones yet manage iPads just fine.
apple just wants my money why cant I stick to the same phone and like it
This has been the Apple strategy for forever. Remember iPods with no replaceable battery
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
So many involve long hours on your feet tho which I canr do. one of the reasons my degrees in sleep you sit for a fair amount of time.
Lets ask apple 
apple facebook messenger is crashing. Please fix already.
I cant open Facebook messenger Apple sucks dick havent had this problem till today
Apple presents 8 things to love about iPhone 8
FUCK THIS UPDATE Apple FIX IT BITCH
Apple .
The Warriors and Apple are teaming up against drunk driving. Dont be too cool for school warriorsdesignate pass it on
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
I BEG YOU PLEASE LISTEN THESE ANTHEM iTunes
Check out Apple iPhone 5s 16GB Unlocked Space Gray Certified Refurbished Free Shipping
Call Apple . Only way its going to get unlocked. Hopefully you security question and stuff
Oh no Oswin tells me that emote translates badly on Apple  its more like a casHey on Android
wth youre so beautiful
2TBSP ACV wmother 1TBSP raw honey sprinkle in cinnamon pour hot water in cup. And you have delicious apple cider.
Im at Apple Lynnhaven Mall in Virginia Beach VA
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus 
Anyone in Harley QuinnBatmanJoker Cosplay at Golden Apple tomorrow gets 40 Off All Batman  Harley stuff. 20 everyone else HarleyDay 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
iPhone X 1K price tag gives some pause for concern but Apple fans will spend that much
OVERWATCH HASNT BEEN ABLE TO RELEASE A PLATFORM THATS SUPPORTED BY APPLE c
 For Sale Apple iPhone 8 64GB New Unlocked Gold 749
Apple iPad Air 2  32 GB MNV72LLA WIFI  Gold  New Sealed via eBay
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Fans Missing For iPhone 8 Release Day
Apple iPad 2 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White MC980LLA via eBay
A Luddite and a Mom walk into the Apple store...
youre the apple to my pie
Check out Apple iPhone 6 16GB 64GB 128GB GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gold Apple Smartphone
gruber Issues with Series 3 cell and Verizon  told by Verizon its on Apple s side. 1st told delayed til mon AM but theyre trying now
What about apple music does that help with the Hot 100
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  Macworld
Why Apple Needs Samsung
I liked a YouTube video
My music library in Apple Music is so big I get anxiety over choosing which songs to play
Anyone else having issues with iOS 11 A lot of my apps have been freezing or quitting. Apple any insight
Oh that Adobe Flash looking anime is written by the Time Crisis Girl who has a show on Apple Music with Jaden Smith as the lead.
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in pink are the most popular news RecentHacks
Crashing on old version too.
Hows that lying daughter of your.. apple didnt fall far from the lying tree did it..
881TheBurg has a new App Apple and Android devices. Search 881 the Burg Listen in as CWUAthletics battles dixiestatefb ClawsOut 
Braised lamb neck butterbean and pastrami cassoulet mustard greens arkansas black apple and
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone WITH APPLECARE
Apple Watch 3 preorder basically involved 3 employees telling me to stand in 3 different places for 20 min until they got it from back room
Apple treats from our Solebury Orchard girls trip. Solebury Orchards
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 hit stores today  TechCrunch
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  The Verge
Apple why has your new update broken my phone Nah that cant run
The homemade apple topping is cooking for our Pierogi Sundae that we will be serving
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models  Anonymous
Heres what to watch out for with LTE on Apple Watch 3
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 16GB A1403 White Verizon Unlocked for 109.99 with 29d 23h via eBay
iTunes Top Apple BSG The Complete Series Vol. 2  Battlestar Galactica
Apple crowded af
iTunes Top Apple BSG The Complete Series Vol. 1  Battlestar Galactica
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 hit stores today
Apple when watching videos why hasnt volume control disappeared from middle of screen when adjusting So aesthetically unapple like
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Apparently you can make an apple pie without apples. Oh and with Ritz crackers. And I just did it and it works and tastessmells like apples
Apple TV 2nd Generation Digital HD Media Streamer 38.99 via eBay
facebook messenger keeps crashing on Apple iOS11 . Anyone else experiencing this
Say pears and apple in tandem 36
An apple a day...
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract verge 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Seems Apple designed a great phone found it too expensive then dumbed it down to create the iPhone 8. Now no one wants it.
Apple updates always messing something up
energy DxOMark report Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus set new standard for smartphone cameras The HTC U11 and Google
Applecore Johnnymore Whose your friend Me Smush DiceInDaHaus when SHE gives you apple bits you are supposed to eat them not be rude
How you gonna come to the Apple store on iPhone 8 launch day and wait in line to get a 7
help me apple support twitter youre my only hope
New post A corrida do Google para virar a Apple 
How Silicone Valley reacts to Apple s iPhone X
Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay Every day Macworld brings you the essential daily news and other
DxOMark report Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus set new standard for smartphone cameras The HTC U11 and Google Pixel
Apple Muffins
Apple defends new adtracking prevention measures in Safari
Apple has finally released the latest update to the iOS which is iOS11 to the general public Apple iOS11beta
Apple s 4K Movies Are For Streaming Only Not Download
Have you ever wondered what its like for Apple when they start preorders for the iPhone A new video gives us a...
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 hit stores today  TechCrunch
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  The Verge
I only use apple products in studiosmy own apple device is just the iPhone as I like the tighter security of the system and update lifespan
It didnt turnout to be this issue. The Apple Store Genius randomly tried a PRAM reset again and it came back to life.
RT Princessofwifi  Me at the Apple Store after deciding to get the new iPhone X and finding out what my total is 
facebook messenger keeps crashing on Apple iOS11 .
liquid damage not covered under warranty Nice guys nice.
Top story Apple may have unintentionally solved smartphone addiction
APPLE S OPTICAL ZOOM IS A LIE One of these 3 pictures was taken with the second lens of the
Beside Me feat. Moefetti  Single by Presidenthood on Apple Music
I dont use apple music 
I got Apple Music
Looking way to serious in this onenew posted on Apple Musicfirst one in a few weeks and
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models 
NewAlbum TCSNT3 by Sacramento Artist lildarrion Available Now on iTunes Apple Music Google
Yeah....i got the same problem...my other account is begging me for some crackers with apple jam...need to unfollow that idiot now
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Cant update my phone. Cant back up any device. Just had an Apple CS rep hang up after sayin hes never experienced the issue Im having.
My brother wont let me go buy the Apple Watch 
Lets make it happen. 1 down 2 to go.
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 hit stores today
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contracthttpswww.theverge.com201792216353066imagina 
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
Does anyone know why when you play music on Apple Watch you cant see the album cover thats being blurred behind the playback controls
HandsOn With Apple s New iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus
With that being said I just had 2 apple martinis and a beer. Sooo whos on deck
Me when the Apple App is telling me my iPhone Apple Watch are ready but theres a line out front 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
100 getting an android once you guys make sure this iPhone 6 stops working
APPLE HAHA
iOS 11 is dope. I give it a 4.55 Not bad Apple  not bad.
AppleWatch New Apple Watch may be too expensive for some with 10 monthly cellular plan  San Francisco Chronicle
Thing is iOS already does all that. I agree though they can create the next big thing but if they dont market it Apple will 3 years later
Liked on YouTube The Compromise Of Apple s Most Expensive iPhone Yet HBO
It says unlocking your Mac is not supported with your Apple Watch. Happy to help
Question URGENT HELP NEEDED Ipad stuck on apple logo with loading bar underneath it via rjailbreak
my phone fucks me over 286 i hope it rots in apple hell
Apple Backers Protest Outside FBI Headquarters in D.C.  Multichannel
Mulled Apple Cider Chai French Crullers.
extremely Love Lockdown voice I want apple juuuuuuuice
Our apple tree showing us some first day of fall love. applepicking pnwgardening
Been busy all day but i just went to my apple music and theres so much new music that dropped today Add Add Add
suddenly facebook Messenger crashes every time I open it on my Apple iPhone7 . No updates were run nothing changed. frustrated
I meannnnnnnnnnn
Im not a fan of Apple s implementation of cloud music at all. No Match no Apple Music here.
Ill raise a tall glass of apple cider to that statement.
Yeah contrary to some of the reporting my local Apple Store is slammed and has been with people buying the 8 or picking up preorders...
I wana make apple pie
Youll get there cause you want to... Luckily you went into health care and that leaves a lot of options for you still
Apple Updates boot camp for windows 10
Selling my Gen1 Stainless Apple Watch
Paleo Apple Maple Muffins grainfree glutenfree dairyfree via Texanerin Baking 1 14
apple why cant I turn the sound off that my phone makes when I send a text without turning off the sound for when I receive one V annoying
Stupid ass marketers at Apple somehow thought it be brilliant to announce the iPhone X seemingly skipping 9 to boost 8 sales.
Mack Hollins gonna catch a back shoulder fade over Eli Apple .
I just ordered an Apple Watch series 3.. oh boy
Hi I ate the new apple update b y e
9 Apple Watch Screen Protector 42mm Series 3Series 2Series 1 Newly Revised 6PACK Skinomi
The reviews are in for the iPhone 88Plus Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K  Apple Byte Extra
Ok now you have my attention... Apple iPhone8 iPhone8Plus photography mobilephotography technology camera
Apple Music so clutch with all this music
OK Lance put the apple on your head. Now stand really really really hold on periscope wont open OMG WOULD U SHUT UP
Please RT iphone ipad mac Dans Holiday Gift Guide rare Apple collectibles 038 swag for the...
The best thing about iOS 11 there is animated photos album you can save gifs and see them great job apple  
This is definitely a case of the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. Like father like daughter he taught her how to screw people.
PixelCupSoccer does PCS16 on apple tv just not work anymore Have tried reinstalling and starting over. Unsuccessful 
iTunes finally offers 48hour rentals in the US. via r apple
Bath and Body Works has an Apple Honey line just in time for Rosh Hashanah.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Organic Vegan Apple Crumble  Organic Vegan Apple Crumble Apples are no doubt...
Why tf is my 7 acting up because the new one just came out  Apple stop fucking playing with me . I just upgraded lmao
Top taste oxtail cran apple cocktail  I try stay far away from lames cause we dont rock well
All of a sudden my battery goes from 100 to 14 in about an hour. Well played Apple .
Album has been on repeat since it hit Apple Music
Get the most epic brews for Halloween with Miller Lite Coors Redd Apple Ale. EpicBrews HouseParty ...
The iPhone Is Guaranteed to Last Only One Year Apple Argues in Court
VC 2nd graders visit the Apple Orchard WataugaSchools WeAreWatagua 
No some dodgy looking apks have popped up but nothing atm
Ok I still love the iOS 11 update but after a couple days it does feel like battery life is significantly worse... Apple
I just got rid of Apple Music and went to Spotify. Soo much better
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Harvard Study Apple Slows Down Older iPhones To Keep Millions Buying New Models
Your telling me I updated to get the screenrecorder and I didnt get it Apple 
A corrida do Google para virar a Apple
Thanks Kevin but I have some bad news the Apple Store is not what we thought back to you 
sweetoothgirl Mini Pecan Butter Apple Rose Tarts
my Apple AirPods Wired is sooo 2016 Cutthecord Wireless Apple AirPods teeturtle ewok NubNub StarWars 
Agh You need passcode on in order to use Apple Pay on the watch rolls eyes out of the window
Apple extends iTunes movie rentals to 48 hours
Me I dont think I need to upgrade. My current iPhone works gre Apple  
Me I dont think I need to upgrade. My current iPhone works gre Apple  
Spotify Your lack of an Apple TV app is ruining my life.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
need to book tickets
Apple iPhone 8 Unboxing and Review Hands On Setup
Busted You too Apple .
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone
A large bottle of CROWN APPLE  my BED. LIFE RIGHT NOW
I wonder how many apple pies I could make with the apples on my tree I think Ill try to find out.
Cran Apple is the keys
Feel sorry for whoever preordered that series 3 Apple Watch
I was playing GTA and my cousin said she would drive to our waypoint and this happened to my phone Apple listening to me 
gassssssspsssssss
A. They have been doing this for a while. B. Apple users know this and they dont care. C. I cant feel sorry...
Bro. Im sitting on the toilet taking a shit and my Apple Watch says time to stand No the fuck its not
I liked a YouTube video
People still dont get it. Whenever the new iPhone comes out  Apple has this big update. That shit is just going to kill youre phone
I liked a YouTube video
Thank Apple for iOS 11.....wish I could go back to iOS 10...
He was huge Im barely 5 it was Valentines night 2014  Im still jacked up. But work my tail off in pt to get as close to 100 as I can.
iOS 11 is trash . Thanks Apple
how do you like it so far
CJ didnt grow up around Blacks that put Pineapple on their Pizza..We didnt even buy pineapple Koolaid..All we know is Adam Eve  Apple .
Please RT travel traveller Warm Salad With Root Vegetables Apple And Honey Walnuts
Quesadillas and crown Apple
Apple quality
Ah too bad Im a minor maybe Ill use apple juice ha
JohnLegere tmobile Help New Apple Watch Cellular wont Error 412.
iOS11 Apple Digging The New Screen Recording Feature. 
Do you see your self selling kith shares in a couple of years and making it go public  Like on the stock market like what Apple does
The original Apple Watch misses out on watchOS 4 heart rate smarts  Wareable
Testing Apple s FORGOTTEN GAME CONSOLE from 1996
carrot apple celeryjuiceT157th cup
Let me know what they say
INFO Sejeong s grandma attended yesterdays Hanwoo  Apple Festival SJ was really happy surprised to see her 
Its an issue with Messenger not Apple or iOS11
Thanks a lot Apple for the iOS update wtg staywithdriod neverupdateapple
As much as I love Apple its absolutely ridiculous that I have to schedule an appointment to get a replacement charger for my phone
Well okay it wasnt soda it was Apple flavoured sparkling water but still it was a carbonated beverage
After losing a massive deal with Apple  chip company Imagination will sell itself for 742.5 million
Surgery Scheduler  Green Apple Group LLC  Atlanta GA Outstanding
Seriously Apple has just upgraded to Android so why get an iPhone
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Just a caution if you get a call from caller ID  Apple Computer do not pick up. If you did hang up right away. Trying to scam you.
I paired unsweetened apple juice orange bitters  Brut Champagne for this festive cocktail
Chinabacked PE firm is buying Apple s former IP supplier for iPhone GPUs
Shop Apple iPhone 6S 64 GB UK SIMFree Smartphone  Gold Certified Refurbished. Free delivery and returns on eligi
SO EXCITE FOR FALL IN NEW YORK ASKJGDAKJHGDSAJGASJG PUMPKIN SPICE BASICCCC LEAVES GRAMERCY PARK APPLE CIDER HOT COCOA DAMN MY BASIC TEARS
apple cider mimosas sounds so good rn
Product Creation And Apple Pie Oreos Review
Montana Trax album The Boy Something Great pt 2 is available now on Apple Music Spotify etc.. memphis jookin trapmusic 
Sebastiano had a field trip to the apple orchard today. FirstDayofFall StillFeelsLikeSummer 93AndHumid SmashLeukemia 
I am back in business. I have solved the issue by finally ditching Apple .
Pies ranked Apple  Cherry Pumpkineverything else
I just got mine hooked up Lol.
Suggest you try this account AppleSupport
Next is lemonade on Spotify and Apple Music sweetheart Beyonce 
I need a help. Now not have how control music in my iphone with Apple Watch on whatOS 4 You know any way
Now I want an apple ...
I mean I started making music with apple loops but I meant people who have been using apple loops for like 3 years or something
SP 500 Nasdaq edge higher Apple drags
Big red dot. But apple says call emergency 911 with appleWatch by pressing other button. Huh What happened to sensible user interface 
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
I dont have Apple  will probably get that pixel xl2 or the new v30 looks intriguing
Feature FridaySecrets of The Apple Tree
Apple week was so much fun Oh and delicious Have a great weekend
Happy 1st day of fall celebrating with an angryorchard apple cider and apple watch .
nan
But Where in NC can you Actually go apple pickin
The internet on my Apple TV hasnt been working for a week and Im highkey salty bout it
This package will get your eBook in global distribution. Apple  Barnes  Noble  Kobo etc.
I can be followed on Apple Music
.75 off Cider Donuts or Raw Apple Cider at Devon Point Farm
Is Apple inching towards becoming the BlackBerry the 2nd
WillKirkpatrick Its on ABC7 that apple sold less than 7000 units of the iPhone8. Lowest iPhone sale in 5 years. No one was in line too.
Been at the Apple Festival all of 15 minutes and a 14 yo called me hot and asked for my number. Its good to be home
Yet another reason to love cailkristin. Rainy first day of fall dinner apple pieice cream and
A big FU to apple . for me messenger crashing
FUCK APPLE BITCH ASS
iPhone 8 and Apple Watch Series 3 hit stores today  TechCrunch
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  The Verge
DavidDiFranco somehow i got my self in a crossroad with debating if i want to get the 4th gen apple tv or the Amazon Fire stick thoughts
Mines just started to do it too 
Apple Computers  The Apple Boogie Audio Cassette Tape RARE Sealed
telus do we know what pricing will be for the apple watch series 3 with telus
SIGNUP HERE for an updated offlease Apple list
I buy Apple cell phones
Raise ur hand if you updated to iOS11 and wish u didnt because its super buggy and ur phone keeps freezing apple AppleSupport
Gin Apple Pie Cocktail
Thanks
With all the other sheep... Apple Southdale
And I REALLY hate when jmccray is right about something.
Apple TV 4K Unboxing
an apple a day keeps the doctor away. but if the doctor is handsome never mind the apple .
When we think fall...we think fall spices like cinnamon. Try our Cinnamon Crisp Apple Crisp or Cinnsticks and...
But the decline of the Canadian dollar since 2010 has made a big difference to my Apple purchasing power. Never cheap but now 
chriswelch TMobile wont throttle the watch but guess what they cant activate any watches bought from Apple cause its a business accnt
Im Soo Ready For My Birthday Def Drinking My Hennessey And Snapple Apple
Check out this post in the Technology vibe  Apple Watch Series 3 first look So far no LTE problems
Apple whyyyyy do you keep saying my passwords arent working every week
iPhone 8 screen can be scratched by sand says expert who claims Apple cut corners  Metro
Apple s shed 50 billion  more than eBay Target or Ford  since it unveiled the new iPhone
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
QUESTION Describe two factors you think Apple should consider as the company develops ... GET AN ANSWER FROM
Please dont make me embarrass us both on this timeline sister girl
Apple should rename Safari to iBrowse.
Please RT if you like architecture design architects interiordesign Apple Wins 2016 New York Landmarks
I dont have Apple Music
10 INSANE THINGS CREATED WITH APPLE AR KIT iOS 11
Spigen Tough Armor 2nd Generation Apple iPhone 8 Plus 2017  iPhone 7 Plus 2016 Case Variation Parent  ... 
Take a look at what goes into an Apple iPhone launch
Because its made with the tears of Samsung Apple  LG HTC Blackberry and more combined D
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  The Verge
AppleSupport Apple you should really consider not doing business with UPS.. 2nd time I had major issues UPS ATT ATTCares so frustrating
Um i didnt know this emoji for apple users is the rolling eyes emoji
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models  Anonymous
I got your answer on my Apple Watch Series 3 LTE while walking the god without my iPhone phone  happy evaluation
The iOS11 update for Apple iPhones could leave some Ford owners stranded...
Finally fixed my Apple ID after a long 4 months
Oh yum I love apple crisps Cant wait for Sunday.
Follow us ebidlaw our free app on Google Play and Apple Store . .Download . . attorney 
Just wait for X... get desapointed... and then change to android like other apple costumers
Dropped my phone while in Costco. If I only had an Apple Watch I could verify that its still here. Luckily it was.
I am sorry
First time with a plus iPhone Loving my new iPhone8Plus  Thanks Apple and timcook for your awesome leadership
ElkCurrencyApp the Apple Watch app is giving me this error eventhough I did activate that the 14day trail. Any idea how to fix 
Apple is an OP. Had charging problems around when they announced the new iPhones.
Apple pie overnight oats drinksofresh Almond milk Maple syrup quaker Steel cut oats Milled
INFO Sejeong s grandma attended yesterdays Hanwoo  Apple Festival SJ was really happy surprised to see her 
Take a look at what goes into an Apple iPhone launch
I wanna buy an Apple Watch cause why the fuck not ya know
Think a apple is way overpriced most people I know own it and are ref to buy new phone also
Yall know Im a huge fan of timepieces. I honestly cannot wait to receive my Apple Watch.
Happy 1st day of Fall Fall can be a treat for the senses the crisp air apple picking pumpkin carving a...
Cleaned out my desk and found two ancient BestBuy gift cards from 2005. Turns out they dont expire So thats 35 off a new Apple TV
Me watching a movie on Starz on this new Apple TV 4K 
NEW Video iPhone8 Unboxing  Wireless Charging Demo Click the link
Apple Watch series 3 ya a la venta
ATTCares cant use lte Apple Watch on grandfathered plan. That is 120 less you ATT will be getting from me.
Sibling bonding is smoking out of an apple and finishing a bottle of wine together
Im tired 
iPhoneUpdate  Did a Study Prove That Apple Slows Down iPhones to Boost Sales of New Ones 
Bushel  Barrel Son of a Peach Cider  barrelandbushel  is on replacing Bushel  Barrel Passionfruit Apple Cider  barrelandbushel 
Please RT if you like architecture design architects interiordesign Apple Wins 2016 New York...
I liked a YouTube video
Dear Apple  The iPhone X and Face ID are Orwellian and Creepy by trentlapinski
tech technology mobilegeb Apple defends new adtracking prevention m
Apple orchard fun this morning. Turn and eye to the sky. 
Should Apple iPhone X Trust Facial Recognition for Security
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Im sure Apple isnt the ONLY company doing it but this coupled with the cult like loyalty of its fans its...
Apple was taking away the speakerphone option when making telephone calls part of the ios11 upgrade microphoneworkswitheverythingelse
httpswww. cnbc.com20170922app lemarketcapafteriphone8iphonexreveal.html  Apple s shed 50 bln more than entire value of eBay Target or Ford since it unveiled new iPhone  aapl iPhoneX  at New York Stock Exchange
Apparently there is any issue with the Apple purchased LTE watches. Why dont you put an announcement so we dont spend 5 hours on the phone
I can have my big king bed all to myself.....hen  apple juice with trail mix and chef salad
BEG by JackJ jackgilinsky iTunes
Dang. Knives are out and Manafort is on the platter with an apple in his mouth
Ive been back and forth over the years. Am 100 on Apple now but my luxury MacBook Pro is from work. Not sure Id spend the  TBH.
Apple Music
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
apple iphone 6 plus 
RT macworld iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone
I thought iOS11 would fix this stupid buffer thing but nope apple 
1 upped Apple s 10 year anniversary
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone
Oh yes Apple I definitely want to sync my whole library of music and no I dont want duplicates of albums I bought off iTunes via my phone.
Did a Study Prove That Apple Slows Down iPhones to Boost Sales of New Ones 
Ive been trying to active my new iPhone 8 plus for hours so I decided to restart it. Turns out that the Apple activation server is down. K
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
We absolutely have the new Apple Watch Series 3 Mary Jane You can buy it right here 
apple is scary i was watching sfx makeup vids a few hours ago on youtube and now my whole INSTAGRAM explore page is sfx makeup vids 
Want to win a one the first Apple HomePod  Gleamapp is giving one away to a lucky winner. Go enter
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Apple Music so tough..
Apple iPhone 8 has arrived heres everything you need to know
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  The Verge
AppleSupport first time going to an Apple store. Never again. Horrible customer service. If you want to call it that.
Apple Watch Series 3 compatible with select Qi wireless chargers
Apple fritters Grannysmith cider batter dolce yyceats yycfood nomnomnom Redwater Rustic
My dad why do you need a Apple Watch Me I cant get a ring on my finger for another 15 years so might as well put something on my wrist
Bought a pair of BeatsX headphones today because with 3 months of free Apple Music it seemed like a great deal. But the code is expired 
Oh look a apple that was just eating and throw in the grass... 
Now not have option to control music of my iPhone in the Apple Watch with whatOS4 You know about 
Wtf is up with Apple why are they giving EarPods w the new iPhones instead of AirPods
iOS11 is so buggy doesnt feel like apple OS apps crashing hang delete takes onoff to delete slow inconsistent across AppleSupport
Apple TV 4K review Better where it counts but still too much money
Omg OO 
BringBackPeanutButterToastCrunch but I really do want to try Apple Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Every iPhone user knows the struggle when Apple come out with a new phone
Why the fuck release IOS 11 with so much shit thats fucking up our phones  I thats the reason why yall has betas AppleSupport Apple
Joes still making jokes about Boston stealing signs with an Apple watch
Take a look at what goes into an Apple iPhone launch
So far the best part about CSU classes is getting Apple Music for 5
Any work around Tried everything I saw online. But nadah. Apple
Im sitting in the Apple Store and theres this one mall security guard here. Im not sure what hes doing here and neither is he.
Why are you hiding the fact that you work for Apple  Like it is so obvious
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Apples are in season and that means its the key to this weekends special. Apple Shoyu with rockfish narutomaki and chicken chashu. 
stayed home all day waiting for my apple watch to arrive  i only left the house for 10 mins  came home to a signature required note
Even as a wife and mother of 4 I expect your line to be open. I need you all the time
Sleek
best binary trading strategy 
...surely no cinnamon whatsoever... a splash of apple schnapps is always welcome though...
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Messenger keeps crashing on ios11 Apple facebook messenger ios11 messenger
Head to apple to purchase
Apple silently kills off some colors for iPhone iPad  Apple Watch accessories
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
Apple iPhone 8 Plus  256GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone
I just liked a video on YouTube 8 things to love about iPhone 8  Apple 
So im at the apple store
Apple everything today for the Apple release. TMobile JohnLegere UnCarrierFun 
SemiHomemade Caramel Apple Cake  see full at
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Oh and the Apple Pencil is GREAT for zooming in on photos to do precision edits on them
Boo just link your Apple ID and youll be fine
Apple cider is your friend.
hulusupport wanted to try again now on the new Apple TV to see if it improved the experience
iPhone 8 and 8 gold and silver Unboxing Follow applelifeofficial for more picks  Apple 
Mmmm.... apple cake....
INFO Sejeong s grandma attended yesterdays Hanwoo  Apple Festival SJ was really happy surprised to see her 
2.37 GB ....... Does apple really think i live like this  
New Apple Watch Series 3 AppleWatch3 AppleWatchSeries3 applelaunchday 
And Scotty will never hear about them in the halls of the homeless shelter server room.
Giving the smaller phone a shot this time. iphone8 apple iphone shotoniphone tech technology
Prob the last time Ill get to see my brother Apple Forever
my apple music trial is ending on the 23rd
Apple SoHo in New York NY
An Apple employee dropped your iMac in the store
You too FWIW used to be a 100 Apple guy have slowly drifted away piece by piece based on their offerings.
Apple iPhone 8 goes on sale with short lines little hubbub
Find My iPhone  Hackers have exploited Apple s Find My iPhone and Find My Mac services to lock users from thei...
I liked a YouTube video
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Its their server.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
This Carmel Apple Clafoutis is great now that fall weather has arrived.
Since I would only run plex off my Apple TV UI not an issue.
All I want to do is update Pages so I can update my resum but apple apparently wants me to input my apple password 73 times
Millions of people use the native mail app with Apple iOS. Surprised they never tested it...
iOS 11 screen recordings dont play well with FCPX just FYI. Apple  wheres the update Its your own damn software videoproduction
I liked a YouTube video
I used to be able to do this Apple about two iterations of iTunes ago.
I will create something amazing with this free Apple Keynote Template
Apple Watch Series 3 first look So far no LTE problems
iphoneSuperSale NEW OTHER APPLE IPHONE 6S 16GB 64GB 128GB ATT SMARTPHONE GRAY SILVER GOLD ROSE
iphoneSuperSale  New Apple iPhone 6 Verizon  Unlocked 16GB Smartphone Silver 
Why is it taking so long to sign in to the Apple Watch using a iPhone 8 with iOS 11
My cute apple found the best ones 
Mean while im trying to marry you both off so I can retire
Lmao so many broke boys hating on Apple
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone
Paul Masson and Crown Apple Make head hurt I dont drink that shit
AirPods switching between Apple Watch and iPhone seems much more seamless. Music  Snapchat  Music Automatic.
Well look in to it to see. Its an Apple color but maybe we can come up with some solution. Even if it is a special case. Thanks
SMILERS  wwy streams and sales will help the album a lot on the hot 200 Use Spotify Apple Music and Vevo to stream the song
360WiseNews  Apple iPhone 8 Plus Early Review A Big Leap Forward With A Great Surprise
Go listen BEG by JackJ JackAndJack iTunes
Lmao now you know Apple want they money
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
needless to say ive added this songnon Apple Music and i purchased it on iTunes.
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
 Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Mid 2017 128GB Space Gray or Silver is now on
GO LISTEN TO BEG iTunes
iOS11 Apple Anybody updated yet Thoughts Positives Negatives
And he leapt out of the bed and crash onto me. I fell  shattered. Several surgeries plates screws...etc.
After losing a massive deal with Apple  chip company Imagination will sell itself for 742.5 million
MacBook Repair Lndn Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay
Early Adopters of Apple Watch Series 3 Share First Impressions and Unboxing Photos
A corrida do Google para virar a Apple
Cant say this improves my opinion of Apple as a company especially with my experiences with their geniuses.
BEG OUT iTunes
The fact my phones been frozen on the apple logo all day after tryna update my phone its put me in such a mood
Awww does she make frosties and apple juice how you like
Quick keyboard shortcut to bring up the emoji menu on an Apple Computer CtrlCmdSpace ETCoaches GoogleET
If your phone is anything like your robotic voice commercial Ill stick with Apple . They make more than a phone  they all work together.
Apple MacBook Pro ForSale Excellent condition. Free Shipping. 8GB RAM. 1TB SSHD .
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
A corrida do Google para virar a Apple
I had a coffee an apple and a Cola maybe thats why Ive been jumping in my seat for the past two hours lightweight
That Apple Watch though I cant wait till my next payday Ha. Whew
Spigen Tough Armor 2nd Generation Apple iPhone 8 Plus 2017  iPhone 7 Plus 2016 Case Variation Parent  ... 
ZacksJerryRig Apple probably doesnt invite you since you tear down products.
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple Disk Utility 
Blood Motivation 101 on Apple Music
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple Disk Utility 
What phone do you prefer Google or Apple 
How to Permanently Delete Files On Mac Using Apple Disk Utility 
Apple cider doughnuts might just make you forget about your pumpkin spice craze.
Lowfat Whole Wheat Spiced Apple Bread With Maple Syrup Like Us fb
Handy I look fwd to seeing the bottom of this oddness and hopefully Apple making the buttons a bit more reasonable
8 reasons why buying an iPhone 8 makes more sense than the iPhone X via mashable
Apple TV 4K solo in streaming non in download Webnews
Apple Watch Series 3 e Apple TV 4K arrivano in Italia Leonardo.it
boutta get my apple watch bust down  trippieredd genius 
Apple TV contenuti 4K solo in streaming Melablog.it
thuytran unbox apple iphone iphone8 plus 256gb gold Technology World
Apple iPad Mini 4 128 GB WiFi  Cellular Space Grey Silver Gold Brand New Open Box Apple Warranty Best Price
Did a Study Prove That Apple Slows Down iPhones to Boost Sales of New Ones 
To Apple Watch or not to Apple Watch
In the time Ive things with apple in them. But not just an apple .
Dear apple you make great products but waiting 30 minutes to pick up a preordered CASE is ridiculous. Get it together.  at Apple Store MacArthur Center
Just got my new Apple Watch
Foie gras smokie brioche apple chutney Saskatoon berries StGeorgesGCC honey. donnhoff norheimer kirschheck 14 spatlese Riesling 
Apple IPHONE 8 Plus Early Review A Big Leap Forward With A Great Surprise
my song her with APXXRVA ft mallorysayshi is on apple music give it a listen
TG you get apple from oak trees after You break them but not right away after a few minutes a tree will drop a apple
Switching to a Samsung phone when my contract is over. My 1 year old iPhone 6 is already being phased out by updates. Apple
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Hi Apple or Facebook. Please fix this Messengercrashingthefuckup type of problem. Thanks.
I love it when my brand new phone becomes a block of shit when apple releases a new iPhone
Oh I forgot. At the same show in 96 Fiona Apple  Stabbing Westward sucked. Korn showed up an hour late and were very drunk. Fuck them too.
its just happening to apple devices. I thought only ios 11 users have the problem but unfortunately even ios 10.
Ay dba durian sha Di sha apple .....kaya very far from the ideals of the mom
I liked a YouTube video
Can Google and HTC crack the Apple Samsung smartphone duopoly
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Sooooo that new update really lets you record your phone calls  lol Apple messyyyyyyyyy
Oh no I can already imagine what happened
tech2s Apple shares drop as new Apple Watch fails to reliably join for some reviewers ......For More
Apple Spice Cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting and nuts. A Fall Dessert that is sure to be a favorite A Cup Full of Sass 
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Apple your phones lifespan is a couple of months tops before they start fucking up
Is anyone elses iPhone crashing apps included since the new IOS update apple whats up Lets get it together
Apple Pie Overnight Oats make in advance  take onthego
Apple Festival was even more amazing this year. Thanks MsDavilaNM for the new STEAM centers barronerin NMTimberwolves mundyrocks 
iTunes Top Apple Pax Penguina  Gotham
I havent eaten a regular apple in at least 4 years.
Apple iPhone 8  256GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone in Hand Ready to Ship
Seen it mocked a lot but the little white ring on the new Apple TV remote seems to make a big difference orienting it correctly.
so close to an apple pun at the end there and you missed the mark... im disappointed in you
Just got my iPhone 8 but I cant set it up Error connecting to Apple ID server Help AppleSupport
Just got myself an apple watch and a Mac
how to be apple 101 Make everything worse and bigger
Am I the only person in the world whos Apple Music doesnt work on the iPhone 8 
Youre very welcome If you need us down the road were only a tweet away. Have a great day. Enjoy your Apple Watch.
Why Apple Needs Samsung
Apple TV Remote New in Plastic Case by SouthamptonCreations
netflix Apple TV 4K app shows Ultra 4K HD labels but not HDR
I think the issue lies more with Apple than you but as youre a registered dev I guess its the kind of thing you can forward onto them.
Lol you telling on me as if Im embarrassed 
Strategist Predicts BitcoinCrypto Trading Volume To Soon Surpass Apple s
This is really killing my enjoyment of iOS 11. Pretty much to open anything I swipe down and type  and now that is broken. searchFail
BEG OUT  iTunes
New post  Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Wish apple would make charging cases that would support fast charging for their new phones
Strawberry misses her apple so much
SISSSSSSS but why do they refuse to use Apple Music
my startup is making tiny millennialfriendly smart homes and we were going to call them homepods but then APPLE
BEG OUT  iTunes
Im a registered Sleep Tech. A patient a guy was having night terrors  was tearing off all the EEG wires. I went in  tried to stop him
8S A DATE Apple  Samsung in another clash of titans at Gitex Shopper
Hey Apple  Why cant put I put together a playlist that is mixed with podcasts and music and put that on my iPhone My workaround now...
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down Old iPhones in Order to Sell Millions of New Models
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contracthttpswww.theverge.com201792216353066imagina 
Tell me shes moved to Apple ...
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract  wnn2  Imagination Technologies the UKbased ch
Homosexual Apple CEO Tim Cook Wants More Illegal Border Crossings Because Goes to the Values of Being American
What is that app called
Apple s new Type to Siri has finally made the feature accessible to people who like me have a speech impediment. Hurrah
Sent my previous Tweet from my Windows Phone it actually works. Apple
In the News Salesforce Launches AI Fund Apple Brings AR to iPhone  Small
Mine works fine
Im so mad. All my downloaded music disappeared Apple Music man
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract The Verge
AppleSupport Apple timcook communic w Apple . No apology  cust serv no diff than at the store. I guess theres no training 
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
Procreate hi I used the iOS beta so I used my Apple Pencil with Procreate 3 and 4. In both if I tilt the pencil I get a weird line 
Im legit obsessed with my Apple Watch
real shit tho my screens been buggin tf out lately wassup yo Apple
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  Macworld
First one true meaning of updating OS Second one fuck the meaning of updating OS iOS11 iOS Apple update 
Wish Apple maps knew if there was construction work going on
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models 
Play fass and updated my phone now my downloads app not working ..okay Apple
ArtificialIntelligence AI Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing
Dammit Apple
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  GENERAL PHYSICS LABORATORY ... 
Paul Mason Apple ... Ima Still Drink It Doe.
I liked a YouTube video
Around the world a muted launch for Apple s iPhone 8
Apple Cider Pork Chops 
Calling ATT on the AppleWatch nonactivation Youll get 8 different answers Im on 9. Apple this is not acceptable. 2Hours NotReady
BEG OUT EVERYWHERE. ITS AMAZINGGG LOVE IT JackJ jackgilinsky JackAndJack Apple Music
Travis Candy Apple 
I cant believe I have to use Xbox instead of Apple TV because Prime Video is still not out for it.
still its apple  they remove a feature and call it innovation what device do you have
We are fat and still together... howd you like them apples... I could devour an apple rn though
Spigen Tough Armor 2nd Generation Apple iPhone 8 Plus 2017  iPhone 7 Plus 2016 Case Variation Parent  ... 
New artwork for sale  The Apple Harvest 
Some of Apple s emojis have the 941 signature. emojipedia iphone video time emojis emoji twitter school
BB dumped me too
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
AppleSupport Apple Is this notice authentic from Apple  Looks suspicious. 
Fox News is cancelled welcome to Red Panda News . We have taken over. And here is John with apple stock prices. John 
Apple s strategy works phones seem slower worse battery life with new iOS every year people buy new phones to fix.
APPLE STOP FUCKING MESSING WITH MY PHONE IM TOO BROKE I AINT BUYING THE 8 OR THE X SO FUCK OFF
The gdb debugger works again with apple s debugserver
Great news You can now get your Pray Tell news straight to your Apple device on Apple News
I got told that because its from 2010 they wont do anything. Basically youre an apple cust until its old hardware... then buy new or FOff
I liked a YouTube video
Whats the difference between an apple and an orange  cfkc97
Hello. Hi. Hey. Yes... believe it. Apple Watch Series 3 has the freedom to take calls from
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
I made apple tarts with the kinders today 
So the facebook messenger app is broken on Apple  wont launch anymore
Nope mine also does this
2017 the year Apple ruined the iPad and iPhone. Rip Apple . Brick your device today. Every app crashes constantly. Slow OS. Whats going on
Popping the 1mm question If apple is above attentioneconomy quote tristanharris  whatwho flies over other economies Oligarchs
Kale apple salad with cheddar and pecans 
New post Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple
Apple Watch Series 3 Unboxing and Setup  Water Test HD
Please Follow DailyHeatChecc The Label son Spotify Apple Music Tidal Pandora Google Play Music. And Listen...
Apple why are you guys making us wait for the X..
Ive only eaten an orange and an apple today. lmao. since 1PM thats all Ive had. I need to see a doctor.
She was just on apple help for 45 minutes just to sign out and make a new password
Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie
Happy Fall yall If youre thinking about going apple picking in Julian this season check
Apple Watch Series 3 Initial Thoughts
Apple Why has my phone been on charge for 3 hours and only at 4....
AppleCare Everything you need to know about Apple s extended warranty program
Kid first sleepover with auntie Farrar. Cute. The Durty Apple
Which apple of these two apples is the superior apple no pressure but youll be blocked if u pick the wrong one and I find out
Apple keeps on updating shit no one asks for but wont give us group FaceTime
Welcoming fall with a Calvados Martini  vodka apple cider Calvados  a splash of lemon juice.
Lol its the only apple product I own
Because you need Apple Music
Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie
Waiting for those iPhone 7 prices to drop... Apple
No. Just like for Apple
Done change my apple id .. Now im free
sejeongdays INFO Sejeong s grandma attended yesterdays Hanwoo  Apple Festival SJ was really happy surprise
A camera. An apple and mango. Two journals. One empty one filled with my own words. A book. A pen. Water. And a couple of bucks.
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  Macworld Macworld
Report apple
1K for a phone is beyond a joke
Apple touts 8 new iPhone 8 features in latest ad
iOS 11 is so glitchy rn. I have to restart my phone like every other day smh Apple wyd wyd wyd
9to5Rewards Win an Apple Park tshirt from the new Visitor Center campus store before it opens
Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie
Banana bread Nooooo.. apple bread And paleo too
Take a look at what goes into an Apple iPhone launch
Why does ios11 lag and freeze constantly apple
iphone 8 plus unboxing with iphone 8 and iphone 5 for comparison iphone8 apple iphone8plus iphone8 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Dont forget Maps You on Apple radio  iTunes as well Its on there.
Display Release on apple CAST
Î¾PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Stuffed Acorn Squash Sausage  Wild Rice  Apple  Dried Cranberries  Caramelized Onion 
Apple Fans Missing For iPhone 8 Release Day Its been a good run Apple iPhone8Plus iPhone8 iPhone8Launch
Apple cider vinegar smells so bad
yeah i guess im just not seeing that y combinator  total silicon valley amazon apple  facebook etc interest
Of course the day they release the new iPhone for sales my phone quits tweaking out well played apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Display Release on apple CAST
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
BOOM Its been awhile since I got a new iPhone iphone8 apple
RT LanceUlanoff  Everyones waiting for the iPhone X and that may be bad news for Apple
Î¾PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay
phone still not activated because apple wanna be dumb
After losing a massive deal with Apple  chip company Imagination will sell itself for 742.5 million CNBC Top
Actually Ive got a better response from them a few hours ago. Now its Apple s fault for updating to iOS 11 
After losing a massive deal with Apple  chip company Imagination will sell itself for 742.5 million CNBC Top
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.  serafindavid3 
Apple Music snatched dat auto pay
iTunes Digital Copy redemptions from non4K Blurays appear to support 4K streaming on new Apple TV AppleInsider
WTF a headset I want a headset Summon me a headset Wait is the memory card for the phone itself
New apple update with quite few new features.. just sent my mate about million texts trying things out iOS11
Is there anybody still buying Swiss or Japanese watches Apple Watch 
Cannot get my series 3 apple watch to sign up for cellular called tmo cant get a answer JohnLegere
Dont think Ill ever meet anyone who is ever gonna say to me I need to go to the Regent Street Apple Town Square. Nor do I want to..
If google buys apple Ill get the gPhone
I was really enjoying reading outside and then a mob of Beckys decided to sit next to me and talk about their life at sigma apple pie
Please RT decoration interiordesign  apple of my eye sign  pattern
iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus Where to buy Apple s latest smartphone  Macworld
Dont act your your customers are stupid. All networks offering these phones. But the forward thinking 3 cant offer the Apple Watch 3. Poo
Why Apple Needs Samsung
timcook Apple Disappointed in Apples  ATT readiness for the AppleWatch . 8 hours and still not activated on the network. Sad Return
My date is late to an event and tbh I dont mind because that means I have more time to eat apple crisp
Apple should fix this battery ish on iOS 11
No according to Apple clearly something is wrong with you because why would anyone have two accounts Or maybe you should get another phone
my laptop is fucked and i have no idea why. gonna go to the apple store tomorrow
Apple Extends iTunes Movie Rental Window to 48 Hours in United States
Peep Spotify or Apple Music
Apple done fucked up with the iOS 11 screen recording. Fuck a screenshot niggas finna be getting caught in the act
I say it 1st with tech journalist sites and how they realize apple phone leak headlines increased their click through rate 10 years ago.
TMobile Im planning on Pre ordering the IPhone X where should I pre order it at a TMobile Store or at an Apple Store
The Apple App is now released too. We now can take Apple Android Pay.
That UPS Apple time of year when you realize shipping systems are antiquated and a physical in person signature is required for delivery.
That is quote is one of the most asinine quotes Ive encountered. We need to rid ourselves of the notion that people need food to live
When was the last time you used an Android When Jellybean was the newest A Galaxy screen shits all over an Apple screen in video quality.
DocCrackles her pod is on apple and called GameTheoryandMoney
Apple Centro Sicilia just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Touch Screen Gestures has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and Games 
Apple s shed 50 billion  more than eBay Target or Ford  since it unveiled the new iPhone 
Apple music using snapchat or watching a video. A couple months ago my phone died on 50 but theres no damage to my phone
Comme quoi les pigeons ne sont pas tous chez Apple pour liPhone x
Got mine at home.  Used it in a phenomenal apple pie.
hella juice from apple to orange all the way to mango
Apple GPU provider Imagination sells itself to private equity firm after losing contract
 Apple Extends iTunes Movie Rentals to 48 Hours in the U.S.
How to change an Apple ID email address without access to that email address
Everyones waiting for the iPhone X and that may be bad news for Apple
Why Apple Needs Samsung
I liked a YouTube video
Kale apple salad with cheddar and pecans yum recipe 
lmao little apple boy
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming  Visit Here
Way to go Apple  sweeping the nation with disappointment.
I really hate apple but its true
The BEST Apple Crisp recipe Ever
F A L L I S H E R E  Try this Apple Cinnamon TLSShake to kick off our favorite season 
Its not just your imagination Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models
Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Aluminum Case White Sport Band  MNPJ2LLABRAND NEW 329.99 via eBay
. Apple Gives 4KMovies Digital Jumpstart  HomeMediaMag  
Apple is there a way to revert to iOS 10 until you fix this bugged out app crashing mess I cant use any of my apps on iPhone7 Thx 4 nothin
9 iPhone 8 7 Case Trianium Clarium Series Protective Cover for Apple iPhone 7 8 Case
Weekend Read Can Apple Stores be called Town Squares Do you agree or disagree with this article
why does it take 2 steps now to screenshot sometimes apple it isnt this deep
Apple MacBook Air MJVM2LLA 11.6Inch laptop1.6 GHz Intel i5 128 GB SSD I
With me and I dont share
probably gonna get an apple fritter
Waves feat. Lodi  Crete  Single by Capo Kush on Apple Music
Iphone8  tomorrow BOOM. Loving this upgrade programme Apple AppleCare
Seen iPhone 8 at Lucedales instastory its out alr at Apple Orchard...whaaaaaat. Now am like typing on my Samsung.
lol thanks. Ive been boycotting Skittles since they replaced lime with sour apple .
I thought I was gonna just walk into att and pick up an Apple Watch today but no I had to pre order idntwannawait
Apple  Google only want your biometrics  Lionel
Oh ok I thought you sounded like an Apple hater there. My teenage son is one.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple The AppleWatch was not ready to launch today if ATT doesnt know how to activate it. NoLTE NoService CantActivate
I often use devices one handed while not looking at them. Its fast  seamless. I am GLAD Apple made the iPhone 8. Itll be my upgrade.
Got apple music again after not having it for a month give me recommendations folks
 Apple wants wifi and bluetooth available Yes and I dont want my battery drained or to be tracked by every wifi network I walk past.
Face id doesnt excite me apple
sold my old apple watch this morning. waiting for my new one to come in the mail. left wrist feels so naked D
SAUDI MENTALITY IF THEY ARE SO IGNORANT SO THE APPLE DOESNT FALL FAR FROM THE TREE.
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Sweetened and unsweetened apple juice both with the same amount of sugar. 
JadaLashae apple EJ
I dont whats happening whit the IOS 11.0 update is restarting all my apps Apple
Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay
primetime iowahawkeyes football tomorrow nite 630p...5 Crown Apple shots  vodka 
So far Pacific Rim 4k HDR has been the most disappointing movie Ive seen on the new Apple TV. Lol if thats the most disappointing damn.
Macworlds October Digital Magazine Your complete guide to Apple Pay
I doubt he could shot an apple of of someones head any more than he s popped his cherry.
Display Release on apple CAST
Think Ill get the 8 plus. That X gonna have so many things wrong with it I refuse to wait in Apple for anything
Is Apple deliberately slowing down cellular data on some iPhone 8 models
Get a BehindtheScenes Look at How Apple Prepares for iPhone Launch Day
Hey Apple why when I open fb messenger does it open for a SECOND then go black and back to the home screen What the fuck
They programmed like that lol Apple really evil lowkey
Heres the Apple Watch 3. The nasty red dot is real applewatch
. timcook CEO Cant wait to see what our customers do with the new  Thank you very much oyuelaphoto Apple iPhone iPhone8
I liked a YouTube video
How Silicon Valley Reacts to Apple s iPhone X
N TMobile jus told me 499 for da new Apple Watch
Im going to be fired bc I chose Samsung over Apple bc were loyal. Why are you doing this to our family This is devastating. Hurting us.
Apple Watch LTE Day 1 Update Got Messages to work after talking to support. Had to sign out of iCloud and sign back in to get it working.
Handson with Apple TV 4K and the new Siri Remote
Listen to No Love Ft. 555Striker on Apple Music Spotify and SoundCloud 
Let me get you that key to unlock your attachment to Apple .
Apple bitch stop fucking with my phone
I liked a YouTube video
RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Youre Eating...
RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Youre Eating...
Its apple cider vinegar  Maalox Stlprotests SLMPD StupidQuestionsForScientists Police Stlprotests stlprotest policebrutality 
RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Youre Eating...
You pay a shit ton of money for Hog and Apple to cater your event
Apple iPhone X 2017  Price  launch date and features in INDIA  HINDI
Clumsy You may want to rethink about the new Iphone8 and its new glass back feature AppleCare apple verge
I cant believe I lost my Apple Watch n my Anne Klein watch I have no watches now its a must I get a new watch
Trying to see if the Apple Watch worth my money
Ive lost 795 in three days thanks Apple 
True At least theyre good with giving you a new one if youre is messed up or something needs fixed
New iPhone  Apple Watch prep unveiling Terminal Tinkering on tmodaily
This video shows how Apple manages iPhone preorders  deliveries
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  Barbara Ellen
apple iphone 6 32 
No citation. LOL
Apple News Will Soon Have More Ads Maybe Micropayments
Well OF COURSE he would weigh in on the antiPC debate he was an Apple spokesman for years you dolt...
Hey apple is it just me or did a whole lot of webservers coincidentally get a lot less reliable about the same time as my Safari upgrade
9 kinhonour unlock activation 4G sim card WCDMA for apple iPhone66plus77plus5S5C5 gpp
Pitch the idea to apple its the kind of stuff theyre into
Send burrito bowl and Crown Royal Apple . SOS. NOT A DRILL. CROWN ROYAL APPLE . BURRITO BOWL. HOT SAUCE. NYQUIL.
Yeah theres gotta be some balance in there Start by getting Apple  Facebook Google et al. to pay their fair share of NZ tax dreams
ChinaBacked Firm Reaches Deal to Buy Apple Supplier
I was worried this was going to be like all the other apple ciders... Yakima Valley Apple 
Dont nobody want to go see his apple head ass. we at obamas house all day long tho
Until iOS has Xcode the question is what to watch it on Smart TV Apple TV Xbox 360 Xbox One PS4 or Chromecast.
Apple iPad 4th Generation 16GB WiFi  Cellular ATT 9.7in  White for 140.38 with 29d 23h via eBay
At least make an informed decision outside the Apple marketing influence sphere.
ChinaBacked Firm Reaches Deal to Buy Apple Supplier
Best flavor is Snapple Apple  fruit punch
Very nice Ill be watching Apple very carefully in 12 months though
Soldiers fought to protect the Constitution not a flag. Civil disobedience against injustice is as American as apple pie.
Were working with Apple to ensure that the HomeKit integration gives our Neighbors the best experience possible. Thanks for being patient
But if the worlds an apple pie of course you a want a slice
RT iPhoneNews Watch Unboxing both Apple Watch Series 3 Edition models...at once
ChinaBacked Firm Reaches Deal to Buy Apple Supplier
Cryptocurrency Trading Volume To Surpass Apple Soon CNBC cryptotrading blockchain bitcoin etherum altcoins
RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Youre Eating... 
RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Youre Eating...
Instead of using my old Apple ID I made a new one  I am currently tryna set my phone up...GUARD
ItsFoodPorn RT TipsForYouDaily When You Pour Hot Water on a StoreBought Apple  You Learn a LOT About What Your
And that is only looking at repatriation for Microsoft Google and Apple . And they are less than 20. So return to people could be 5x.
Apple sucks.
This is what happens when design teams arent on speaking terms.
wowowwo you was my baby my cinnamon apple and this is how you treat mesjdj
Phone randomly updates itself to iOS 11.... now the damn thing wont stop fucking over heating. WHY DO I CONTINUE TO STAY WITH APPLE
The Pac12 North will be decided by the Apple Cup for the 3rd year in a row. The North will go through USC.
Greek Yogurt Apple Cinnamon Muffins
Slow Cooker Apple Pie Cake
Graces Courage 99p Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage 99p Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
xfinitymobile When will you support the Apple LTE Watch I ordered it and it arrived yesterday and it said your not supporting
my momma made Alfredo but ion even want it all i want is apple jacks
A private apple orchard so big there were mounds of apples on the ground rotting
im omw i got the apple juice
timcook Spent 3 hours today trying to activate Apple Watch with LTE on Verizon . Told I couldnt on my unlimited plan. Returning watch
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Ive been drinking apple cider and adding Honey to it.
Can we also go apple picking and get cider and donuts
Allergic to apple but she loves it
JackinMotion 062 with love for you New episode available on Apple podcasts and
Convincing myself the iPhone X is worth it Apple 
Apple needs to chill...why release the iPhone8 skip 9  release the iPhoneX X a few months later...what are you doing
appledevcenter AppleSupport Apple timcook Bug 3 in a week. The notification wont clear on x button immediately. iOS11 ios11bug 
His dad was in cahoots with the KKK and has a documented arrest at a gathering the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
RT to save lives  to notify families of an emergency iOS11 iPhone Apple emergency
Homemade ham  potatoes bread apple butter  cole slaw at the Bolan festival. food yum Iowa 
boy youre so fine you must drink your apple juice
really wanna go apple picking 
My new apple watch series 3 lte 
Review iTunes Video Upgrade Makes the New Apple TV Worth It  Top Tech News
DEEP HOUSE LOUNGE  EXCLUSIVE DEEP HOUSE MUSIC PODCAST by Bryon Stout deep house music guru on Apple Podcasts
Its new for me. Im getting first look but its not as perfect as I wish. Still hoping Apple will add this in native  But thanks a lot.
Life changing delight apple . Apple Watch 3 is simply amazing. No phone for me today just watch as phone. Delighted
is apple music worth the purchase 
The Best Investment Since 1926 Apple
I liked a YouTube video
From the beginning Apple has been about imposing constraints. Microsoft and Google have been about openness which allows more chaos.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Just published a new article Are Your Favorite Apps Going Away
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines...
Devin took me to an apple orchard and pumpkin patch and it was the cutest thing ever
Coding Basic on a vintage Apple MFNY17 
Apple s iPhone 8 launch fizzles out as fans hold out for iPhone X
Apple blossoms on white for iPhone 7 Plus
most important one is battery issue I think.Not important a bit slow but its really heartbreaking to low the battery in such short time
Apple pie Apple donuts Apple cider...and Larry. doglove yogilove 
Ik vind een YouTube video leuk
see but i LOVED bishops as a kid thats why i wanted to take her but i definitely think theres more fun things at apple hill now.
What in the world has apple done to the podcast app Takes me 5 confusing clicks to findplay episodes. Change for change sake
Please send somebody to London to see how seamless this is and you just need your iPhone or Apple Watch to pay leehsienloong
iOS11 doesnt let me like pics on Instagram . We restrict certain content and actions to protect our community WTF Seriously Apple
Fiona Apple  Across The Universe
Bipartisan support says McCain. Better shot w NK giving up Nukes. This is why reg folk resent politicians.they make BS smell like apple pie
Apple s shed 50 billion  more than eBay Target or Ford  since it unveiled the new iPhone
After many emails I feel that Apple listened when they delivered the Smart Invert a proper night mode for iPads.
Debeer Replacement Watch Strap  Belting Leather  Havana  Fits 42mm Apple Watch... 
Made my 1st Apple pie today its really good the dough was not what I thought it would be but the outcome is very satisfying
why do u use apple filters instead of vsco
Dear apple  why does my new phone not operate
Apple why the fuck isnt my speaker phone working
theweeknd Ive waited 3 years for KOTF to be on Spotify or Apple Music where is it I aint tired of the song yet
Apple iPhone 8 Early Test Results  Consumer Reports
You asking the wrong people fam lol
Apple Now Gives You 48 hours To Watch A Rented Movie After Starting It Apple has extended
Apple  drawingworkshop imagingssketch imagine sketch lamodel laartistla lamodelmuse 
Apple cup shaping up to be a good one this year. Uw 35wazzou 31 waytooearlyproclamation
apple If ur gonna let us screen record atleast let us do it without the other person knowing
Yes yes ios 11 finally Apple finally put up a cellular data at the control center Im so happy wahahaha 
So I cant pull my notification screen down and read the text anymore Excuse me Apple . Someone pls tell me there is a fix.
hhah I meant Costco card but yes Apple Pay would be awesome
96 ako sa English final exam nung 3rd year high school at puyat pa from watching anime the night b4 Epol apple shove it up ur ah0L3
Apple yall really just gone tamper w my phone like that huh
Cancelled my Apple Music subscription and it expired today
apple picking and pumpkin patches with my daughter sweepstakes
Went apple picking today upstate at Fishkill Farms. Beautiful day. 
Apple introduces update that makes it harder for advertisers to follow users around the web.
e for apple
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Love Android. Been using it for nearly a decade. Left Apple in 2006 never went back.
Sorry. Apple . But no. You built yourselfs on the white earbuds white wire. The watch doesnt even show in the commercial
i bought a chocolate covered caramel apple from the chocolate place instead i love making intellectual decisions
An apple a day keeps the doctor away Narrator It did not.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Good to know. SundayMorning 
Apple needs to bring back the 128g it was the happy medium imo
Apple iPhone 8 Early Test Results  Consumer Reports
Apple Cider Vinegar Is It a Super Tonic
I liked a YouTube video
Thanks Internet I can now no longer say bon appetit without stopping myself from saying bone apple tea
I feel like if you own Apple product  like MacBook  iPhones  iPads  iPods ect Apple Music should be free 
Ahhh fantastic news There is an app you can watch twitch on Apple TV called twitchy so luchalibreaaa will be getting watched
Apple OutOfBounds NUL Byte Write
Rose 3 for the night is Bridge Lanes 2015 Rose. 0 oak good tartness notes of red delicious apple . It smells l
Apple I need a blue bird emoji for the TL
Its a tough life when you have to use an iPad 2 to play ClashRoyale  this thing has that old apple charger I have no phone
OpenBox Excellent Pioneer  7  Android Auto Apple CarPlay Builtin Blu...
You can but its a pain in the ass. Apple hasnt stopped signing iOS 10 yet so full reset and load the latest iOS 10 build. No backup.
Hey Apple heads did you get the new iPhone 8 or are you waiting for the iPhone X...
ok but real talk rum and apple cider is a quality Halloween Season drink. Spiced rum especially. TOHalloween HorrorHoneys
Had a great time apple picking today at Archibald Orchard 
Hey Apple heads did you get the new iPhone 8 or are you waiting for the iPhone X
parents arent home throwing a party someone bring the apple juice and fruit snacks
We may have hit peak Apple
Is it pretentious to ask if a local bodega takes Apple Pay
Thanks Its in very good condition for being nearly 35 years old. Those Apple II computers were really well made.
Feel that chill in the air Warm up with this homemade SlowCooker Apple Pear Cider
Unboxing de Apple TV 4k 
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev furniture Apple 
USA TodayTech Forget the cloud iXpand Base backs up your iPhone at home . More Apple iPhone news 
The flag represents apple pie but it also represents Jim Crow. It represents baseball and it represents Flint.
Apple . Hey it can be considered an electronics brand.....
Apple
Taking over the Big Apple with my best friend. 20 rows back from Hov New York New York
My 6s battery is gone in 60 seconds after the update. Apple iOS11
Apple Cinnamon Breakfast Quinoa Recipe
How to use Apple Files in iOS11
Boozing w my babe for our 17th anniversary. bourbon with allspice dram lemon and apple juice.
all Ive drank today is tea and apple cider so I feel a little dehydrated but fuck it right
ooh my god... mm... i llove this sweet milk apple berry pie with honey.. ffu... shingo grumbled as he crammed in more of the sweet mil
I bought a moto for like 250 and I love it. But I also replaced my broken Apple laptop with a 250 Lenovo. Soooooo
Dozens of photos later what did I discover about the iPhone 8 camera apple iphone comparison
I was an Apple head for years. But I will never go back. Marketing over product. No memory card for Gods sake Go Android.
Gino Skarz on Apple Music
I may have not been so clear I love the extra big headers. Like Messages. Or in Apple News
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Apple iPhone 8 And 8 Plus Are Here
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
Shade down chill out  surf the net under a cool new way to unwind ShadyFace Portable Technology Shades Apple
Blueberry Buttermilk Apple cinnamon
Hacker News  Apple OutOfBounds NUL Byte Write
Todays Sketch September 232017 Eightmillionims art illust sketch portraito passion eightmillionims yutoyamaguchi apple 
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Apple Music or Spotify let you listen to most stuff. I sat in the sun today listening to the Clash entire back catalogue.
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Mom Country and Apple Pie...Overpaid Crybabies in the Nfl and Nba just dont Rate so high... BoycottNFL
Apple roses are blooming from foodwishes 
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Thanks to Apple s email app that collects groups of messages in a reply chain all at once I mistakenly marked one 1 email as unread
I went apple picking and didnt Instagram it.
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Go android. Apple is different kind of evil than Google and I love my Samsung 8
I fucking hate Apple 
AppleSupport hello yes umm i recently cancelled my apple music acc and somehow i can still listen to some songs ive had downloaded......
Yeah Apple will bring back iPhones 3D Touch multitasking gesture in future iOS 11 update
Apple Stock Slump Continues  Tests Key Technical Support
Ohfirst of all I really appreciated for your interest.Thank you .It occurs almost in each app.Especially whenever I try to open any app.
Chinese equity fund takes bite of the UK microchip firm Apple ditched  This is Money This is
Who reads the fine print Apple 
One Bad Apple spoils the whole bunch
apple is no annoying stop autocorrecting to the WRONG spelling
Apple iPhone 8  8 Plus unboxing
Free student discount at American Apparel Apple  Urban Outfitters ASOS loads more with UNiDAYS
This Summer been a blast...looking forward to next season of Summer...Fall is in the air...time to make my apple ...
Bell is the only carrier in Canada that supports Apple Watch 3 w Cellular Data. We been knew theyre the best network. ROGERS and TELUS who 
Spiced Pork Flatbread recipe by TKWhisperer  made with Apple CaramelCreams1 
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Carmel with apple 
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
i love fiona apple so so much shes awesome and her music reminds me of when i was small n my mom showed me her on the way to costco
Apple Watch 3 workingimg great so far apple Tucson Verizon got me set up in 5 minutes stoked battery is awesome cellular is great 
I had Nikka apple wine warm back in January 2013 in Ueno good on a cold night 
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
Dear Apple  You should integrate Facebook Twitter Vimeo and Flickr in iOS 11. Thank you. AppleSupport
How to Monitor you Progress Through the Apple Watch Activity App
AR will be at the forefront with Apple s latest phones.
Go Android Google Pixel is awesome and dont be held hostage by Apple another minute freeatlast
I need endless amounts of caramel apple suckers
no idea apple spotify will have to get to reports and investigate them first
My Apple computer just died and I use it for wach my favorite YouTubers majira vix begle in red  and more
Sorry had no wifi It was delicious lovely warm spices which went brilliantly with the apple
You are very confused about the heart and soul of what it means to be American. Protest is a beautiful thing as American as apple pie.
Who has a black wedding playlist on Apple Music
Loooool shes lucky I dont rate Apple
Yes. And I have Nutella. I need to get perry because belovedest dislikes apple cider.
Check out Apple iPhone 6s 16gb64gb128gb UNLOCKED GraySilverGoldRose Gold Apple Bar
Well our podcast is available on Google Play now. So now we have both you Apple  Android users
I just need my phone to update so I can use my Apple Watch
 Apple isnt a tech company but rather a design company.
Thank you. Im sure the Apple Watch has been in the frequent flyer store in the past. Has it recently been removed
F  R  I  E  N  D  S  Today we ran around in an apple orchard held animals watched
Apple TV 4th Generation 32GB MGY52LLA Used 79.95 via eBay
Apple TV 2nd Generation Digital HD Media Streamer A1378 Remote Included 49.99 via eBay
Apple TV 4th Generation 1080p WiFi 64GB with Siri Remote  Black 105.00 via eBay
Apple TV 3rd Generation 60.00 via eBay
I spent 58 minutes working out with Apple Health. 1000 calories burned. LoseIt
MENSA member who designed the Apple remote app IF we had the original remote wed likely not need your shitty app. Think next time.
Coming home...after one last taste of Castlegar  Pie in the Sky deep dish delish apple pie and borsch. 
I liked a YouTube video
RonanDunneVZW Horrible experience today trying to activate Apple Watch on my unlimited plan with Verizon  3 hours wasted.
E  J Apple My Fav Dribk
Maybe a pkg uninstaller tool in the next macOs... Apple
Looks like pope gonna need some support too with all this bad apple nonsense
Bet itll be more significant than what Apple did between the 7 and 8 so thats enough for me. Dont think Ill ever switch back.
Now I saw that damn Apple Iphone 8 promo up and down my TL EVERY DAMN DAY Now I dont see it anymore. You slick mofos
Maybe cuz ur gay
Sorry baby Ive been asleep
Apple watch series 3 vem ni mim
And Im not going apple picking tomorrow anymore soo fml
Apple IPod classic 6th Generation Silver 80 GB Bundle Excellent Condition Price 99.99 View and ...
Apple iPhone8 has a muted launch in Asia
Think its time we start throwing N word around more until bad apple blks come 2realize what country theyre in  how bad they could have it
I can hear Bad Apple song playing here or maybe its just me. Such a hot rod you have
Apple MacBook Air MQD32LLA 13 Intel Core i5 8G RAM 128GB SSD  Latest 2017 NEW
Apple Watch Series 3 GPS  Cellular Unboxing  Failed Setup
Good evening Big Apple from Manchester UK  have a great evening GCFest
Tidal  Apple Music
Trump has attacked NFL NBA  Mom is Apple Pie and Chevrolet next TakeAKnee
 AAPL 5 Mutual Funds that could go higher on Apple s NASDAQAAPL New iPhones Launch
I was wondering if the OS issue is playing into this. Got contacted by apple support via DM. They asked for some info an hour ago.
Ive been an android  apple user. both companies make it harder to communicate between the 2 bc they competitors.
I hate the new update for iTunes... Apple removed Apps and Tones...lol
Bone Apple tea
All my sad music is on Apple Music and all my turn up music on sc and idky lol
Apple is in decline after steve left. Im very fond of serum. Its 1 of the only magnitude leaps weve had on the digital front in a while.
Apple TV 4K
Thx Apple iphone 8 is great wxcept cant charge and listen to music on train. Instead get to listen to couple next to me argue about dinner
White taffy apple
BestBuy US Apple iPhone 6 4G LTE with 32GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone 199
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
Cant send email on iOS 11 Fix iOS 11 Mail Issue Stepbystep Guide
Apple Watch Face Buzz Lightyear. Hanover Germany
e5Racing the apple doesnt fall far from the tree  Bob and his family are grade 1 all the way  Thanks Casi for the gift bag all the best
What if Apple s layout was like this 
Bourbon Barrels Hard Apple Cider in the works 
Apple is amazing Palestine is a free sovereign state the dumb is the one who denies so .
Im going sooner I have a 6 Im having battery issues and my screen has a bright spot that just kinda happened... no reason
This has made my day So glad that you two are having a wonderful time in the Big Apple so far Love you both lots xxxx
Crown apple and this Palma should do it.I have work at 7am.
students lake the knowledge to apple their networking skills in professional setting McEachern 2011 lesson2
Yes its a limited season drink caramel apple cider tastes like a legit candy apple and you can get it hot or cold
apple watch havers what did you name yours
iPhoneX release date New Apple handset could be in even more short supply than expected  The Independent
Apple Day part 3....... 
Apple do it better
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  Barbara Ellen  Opinion 
Apple came in clutch for the one handed keyboard feature. Lord knows my thumb be struggling reachin over this 7
They should invest in Apple Watches. Skys the limit.
Brown Sugar Apple Cobbler is just one more thing to love about fall
Wheres Apple Music streaming for Apple Watch
Protest even more American than apple pie takeaknee 
Yall I cant even stress how much I love my Apple Watch
News  What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters
crown apple now .. they tryna have me on my head frfr
Apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
I liked a YouTube video
Yes appletv 4k hdr itunes apple Chesapeake Virginia
I KNOW MY STORAGE IS ALMOST FULL APPLE
Oh I ReDecorated     Denver Colorado Photography Instagram Picture HomeStudio Apple 
The Fall beers are on Tap... Victory Festbier Oktoberfest Lager Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Sam Adams Oktoberfest...
BEG IS OUT iTunes
APPLE IS JUST PART OF TREE YOUR SON IS TRASH.
theMrMobile Spent 3 hours trying to activate Apple Watch with Verizon grandfatheredunlimited plan Told had to switch plans and add line
apple pie pls
Apple Music does a pretty decent job keeping up with me cause I be all over the place
Apple Pay betrayed me today...
Apple music most likely...
Want fast FREE student discount at ASOS Apple  McDonalds Topshop Topman  more Join MyUNiDAYS now
I usually dont. For some reason I jumped on this one. regret
YALL sam just lowkey complimented an apple product.
Drinking apple juice because the world is ending
I pay through Apple . My sub page says billed monthly for criterion and FilmStruck  seems like a bug. We dont have Starship Troopers LOL 
Is there a Patreon PayPal Apple Pay method of Sponsoring naima threadsCuz what she does for the culture deserves compensation 
Nope. Stick with Apple .
Today we picked apples and made an apple pie ALM2424 
Apple Dom Heyy... Good Morrrrning...
WHY CANT I SIGN INTO MY APPLE ID BITCH iOS11
I spent 20 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Kuo Apple Watch Series 3 Demand Higher Than Expected as iPhone X Anticipation Cannibalizes iPhone 8 PreOrders
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Report Apple iPhone8Plus has the best Camera on a phone
Indulge your taste buds with farm fresh apples on a visit to Scotts Apple Orchard iHeartHsv
Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Nothing is better than a crisp hot apple cider get yours from redjacketny Jacket  experience the flavor cider
Cool INGAust let me use literally any ATM in Australia and pay me back the fee I have the largest ATM network in Aus  Apple Pay
Yeah I found out about staingate today.  Looks like Ill be going to the Apple store this week.
Microsoft reveals details of flagship London store within spitting distance from Apple s
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  The Guardian
Obstacles 2 Success  EP on Apple Music UnsignedHour Support
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing I ve Been Thinking About You Londonbeat APPS Apple
Behindthescenes video shows how Apple gets ready for iPhone day
the missing half of a poisoned apple
Dont forget Amazon  Google  facebook  starbucks  KelloggsUS
Apple Day part 2 ... 
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
Cherry juicy juice and crown apple lort
PSA APPLE PIE OREOS ARE THE BOMB
Spotify Apple beatsbydre is anyone else having issues on iOS 11 tty forward or back function control Having issues with my power beats
grapecranberry What are the benefits of staying with apple  Is there an ios only app you need
but its tied to the apple supplied binaries
Beware Apple Watch 3 if U use ATT. Wait til problems fixed just returned mine ATT predictably unprepared beloved Apple surprisingly inept
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
As if Facebook  Snapchat dont already have our faces while Apple has our thumbprints
Virtually every connected app outside the Apple ecosystem just stops working. Only can reconnect with your old phone in the other hand.
Apple picking 
x ...where is the oyster emoji apple  Ive been asking for YEARS Smoking Monkey in Brooklyn NY
The NFL  NFLprguy  nflcommish are about learn aHarsh Lesson...Its Mom Country  Apple Pie...Overpaid Nfl  Nba players dont Rate...
My dad saw this and said could you HAND me an apple  Then laughed and said to himself and said I should be on stage 
I dedicate this Caramel Apple Empanada Im eating to LastEmpanada
Test shot with the iPhone 8 I might just well become a photographer now that apple made it so
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 iPhone 8  4.7 Inc... by Yoobao.
What dou you do with a layover in the Big Apple  Collect another mlbballparkpassport stamp . Ballpark number...
Apple whiskey in my cranberry juice beach front classic rock concert. SATURDAY night  think bay city rollers with that 
An Apple watch is very much needed
Pogue spent 3 hours trying to activate Apple Watch with Verizon . Told I had to give up my grandfathered unlimited plan and add new line
i need to get a apple watch new phone asap
Got that iPhone 8 plus iPhone8Plus phone apple
First photo Im posting from iPhone8  apple picking on the first weekend of fall. tween thestruggleisreal shotoniphone 
Apple iPhone 6 Plus  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Unlocked Smartphone Clean ESN win 
thank fuck for apple not copying Snapchat like every other company instead they fucking ENDED it with the screen recording feature god bless
Apple Umpkin 2017
Why Apple Needs Samsung
I dont do Apple unless I am being paid to do Apple . Pvt life is droid. W2 life is Apple with a smile. Apple is more secure
Now Netflix and chill with HDR on the iPad Pro With the rollout of iOS 11 on supported devices Apple ...
NowPlaying Rennie  Pull Up Ft. Rick Ross on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
RT mcwm  I turned a mims tweet about Apple into a Saturday hot take enjoy internet
So its classic Apple where they just kill the old Phones to get you to buy a new one
Timbrooks we have food and 3 gallons of apple pie Me omw
Tryna cop this Apple Watch
Drove to four local stores tonight looking for caramel SmirnoffUS .. no one carried it. Cant make Carmel apple sangria with out it.
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
Bouta get my Apple Music back
Some crackers and some apple sauce packets. I didnt save the UPCs I returned both items. The crackers were 717 and sauce was 617
When apple cpuldnt figure it out
Should be on Apple TV if you have it otherwise Id recommend the Oilers facebook page
I swear Apple Music uses Siri for their lyrics smh
Apple 10.5 iPad Pro 64GB WiFi Rose Gold MQDY2LLA
 the apple dont fall far from the tree
u Cant use headphones and it has to be on the spotify apple music screen
The apple store is never not exciting. Apple Short Pump Town Center
Its now crashed 8 more times. I cant use Gmail Instagram Twitter photos iMessage calls. This is a joke iOS11 timcook Apple
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple 10.5 iPad Pro 64GB WiFi Silver MQDW2LLA Latest Version
so far battery life on my series 3 is far better then my gen 1 Apple Watch so Im happy
It works but it doesnt let me change songs or anything lol unless I go directly to the app 
I forgot to unpair and back up my Apple Watch before I sent old phone back to Apple
Apple picking in our wellworn babiators 
Apple cider doughnuts after Pumpkin picking krollboys 
Now that Apple is no longer on HFS I dont feel quite as guilty making fun of ext4.
Pretty disappointing to find out that when you Love a song on Apple Music it doesnt get put on a playlist or anything....
I find it funny how still on the Apple IPhone 8 there are two speaks on the bottom of the phone and only one is real.
Exactly We must waiting for apple 
Apple 9.7 iPad Wifi 32GB Silver MP2G2LLA 5th Gen 2017 Model New via eBay
Writing about that now for the follow up reasons NOT to buy an Apple TV 4K article. Feel sure they will have to change this situation.
WATCH Apple iPhone8 Scratched And Burned In Durability Test
Never had an iPhone and Ive been living just fine. You should make the android move
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Wish I still lived up north so I could go apple picking. But Ill take going to the pumpkin patch instead
Football is as American as Mom and apple pie. NFL dis respects USA So Im not watching you anymore BoycottNFL
Finally apple gets Mobile data option in control centre. happy
Was loyal to Apple but SamsungMobile looking more appealing everyday BadCustomerServiceMakesLoyaltyHard
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree  im fine with it.
iOS11 messaging is so fucking buggy can the apple devs figure this out please
Then Apple will probably release another update to fix glitches
I cannot wait for Apple dumplings and creamery ice cream BloomsburgFair
 Apple and Google only want your biometrics not to sell phones Apple is just a tracking system for the government
Headed to the Apple Store to trade in my old iPhone. Seems only fitting I wear my atpfm shirt to do so caseyliss marcoarment siracusa 
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines by via AppleInsider  Frontpage News
LeakyX the vulnerability that Apple and Microsoft has known about for years
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
This issue isolated to business accounts bc its tied to the tax ID . Authentication checks last 4 of SSN. On TMobile try 1111
Cant sign into my Apple ID any help
I liked a YouTube video
So Apple  It wasnt a samsung phone that was the cuprit. It was an iPhone 7.
My phones starting to glitch you got me Apple
If someone secretly working on apple by all the telling real things about new iPhone x or wireless charging 6 month ago MKBHD 
She got the apple and not me
Im debating rn on eating my 3rd caramel apple someone help 
Every single one of them mfs better be sitting criss cross apple sauce tomorrow fuck a kneel
I liked a YouTube video
AppleSupport can I listen a podcast espisode with my Apple Watch without my iPhone
The  s of our eye loved our apple activities apple graphing applesauce and learning about Johnny Appleseed DublinWL wleced 
Does anyone else want Apple to deintegrate facebook from the iPhone I dont want it on my 1000.00 phone
It now takes you by the hand and leads you through all things Apple . 
tech technology mobilegeb Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular grabs 80 of models preorders
Apple iPhone 8 sustains scratch heat bend test Watch video
Shes so cute like fuck... ugh I might end up splurging on a case of her just because I love my green apple big sister.
This album forever CLASSIC  If you dont got that on ya apple musicspotify Tap In with me
Its on Apple Music
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  Barbara Ellen
I was at Apple with my dad trying to choose which desktop set to buy then he seen the prices and asks me  why dont we just go to Walmart
GET your shit mate seen this at Least 59 times before u copy and paste it
Got the se its weird going back to apple after having the tab and back button of Samsung
Official Introduction Apple iPhone 8
Aw thank you Did he do his setup session with Apple  I highly recommend it if he hasnt. Even if hes good
this is for Apple users who purchase singles. Anyone can upload to Spotify and Apple  it takes time for copyright violations to come down
Apple being right next to Victorias Secret is sooo inconvenient for the vs employees because theres NO PARKING
We took over 200 pictures at the apple orchard today but these are my favorite by far 
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1224 MB323LLA Early 2008 20 Intel C2D E8135 2.4GHz 2GB 250GB 
Good luck with your sales. Ppl want you guys to stay out of politics and do what you do best. Right now lines and sales and very slow. 
When babe spoils you and bought you the new series 3 Apple Watch 
Oldsr people 25 should really stop trying go fit in with the younger once. Like yall have pandora instead of apple music or Spotify
Up early using the electric Bradley Smoker to smoke up some pork shoulder in apple wood. Less than an hour left...
Kicking off Fall with an Autumn Apple Sangria with LVP Pink Sangria lisavanderpump pandoravt 
Many of you have heard me speak about my relationship with Apple . Some of you have questioned it. Today of all...
ESPNs multicast feature on Apple TV has made watching football much easier. 
what do you call a pine tree mixed with an apple  a PINEAPPLE.
I could go get a brand new iphone 8 rn but smh I want the x and I only one upgrade but now im actually phone less fuck you apple
Apple cider and white wine is the definition of autumn.
I wish costco took Apple Pay
Testing out the new iphone8plus selfiecam camera nyc apple
NEW Apple iPhone 8 Space Gray 256GB Factory Unlocked Verizon
What kind of apple tho
Apple Day.... 
Could be Apple making stuff run slow so you buy new tech from them... or just a problem with messenger
Apple Bellevue Square just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
If Apple continues this planned obsolescence crap I might have to switch to Android
Homemade apple pie because Im secretly Snow White. However no wild birds assisted in the baking of this pie. 
Apple just ruined nudes fa everyone on this planet cause of this screen recording shit
Pen pineapple Apple pen
garthbrooks please join Apple Music
happy apple fall Devin Bush 
As you can see I worked really hard for the apple crisp 
Apple updateRateSetAsyncCallback Heap Overflow
Apple incorpora Deep Learning no Iphone X
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I have the iPhone 6 now. Im going to wait till it breaks or they slow it down but when that happens Im sooo done with Apple .
Flamin Hot Cheetos Caramel Apple Review  LA County Fair 2017 Cheetos
B4IleaveU raised a fine son more than I can say of you. Your dad was arrested at a KKK rally the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
iSO 11 has completely wrecked my battery. Fukc you Apple . I know what youre doing. Cause of this Ill have to upgrade my phone
Repost ontopofdaworld6 getrepost  Music Alert Download the Townwave app. In the Apple 
Have yall listened yet Spotify Apple Music Tidal  Go bump We Young and Tryna Live Our
True friendship is violent disagreement followed by getting along just fine anyway. Apple could use some of this right now.
Bone apple teeth indeed
im really not getting my 600 pics and vids back lmaooo apple can choke 
Why Apple Needs Samsung
I witnessed a customer at work today smell and shake each apple she wanted to buy before putting it in her bag
apple watch series 3
what the hell Apple my cellular data wont stay on my bluetooth wont stay off and my voicemail is broken since I upgraded to iOS11 fail
How to turn off and change Siris voice on the Apple Watch Series 3
Apple AirPods White InEar Official AirPods Wireless Genuine Airpod MMEF2AMA 125.00 via eBay
Samsung should come out with S message and rip off apple and act like they invented it.
Apple AirPods White New and Sealed. Fast Free Shipping. 189.00 via eBay
Its the Google keyboard nigga. Its better than the boring Apple one lmao
We Cant Stop  Miley Cyrus Boyce Avenue feat. Bea Miller cover on Apple  Spotify
That sinking feeling when all of your apple products get old at the same time... struggletown
A different way to use those apples Cream of Radish and Apple Soup by Ricardocuisine
Apple s AR quest begins with  poop
Spent 3 hours with VZWSupport couldnt get Apple Watch activated on my grandfathered unlimited plan HorribleService
caramel apple suckers are the loml
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
Apple Boom Timeline 1891  10000 fruit trees were shipped to the Bitter Root from a nursery at Payette Idaho....
ExCiti boss eyes Apple of banking
The Easter egg in Apple s new App Store and why it matters  Mashable
The performance gains from an original Series 0 Apple Watch to a Series 3 Apple Watch is nothing short of astounding. Well done Apple
Spent the entire afternoon untethered No iPhone  just LTE AppleWatch 3. Very nice Apple 
Looks great I purchased my 8 yesterday
Apple Watch 3 disaster if u have ATT. Just returned mine. ATT blamed Apple and vice versa. 4 hours on phone w ATT.
Grilled apple slices with Swiss cheese.
Oh and Im sick of Apple s high priced tech that has mediocre specs. GooglePixel2
An amazing teacher telling an Apple Day story.... 
Apple
I figured out why Apple changed to a greater font weight for home screen in iOS 11.
I liked a YouTube video
I won 5 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
Apple From supercycle to superHOAX
Is the Apple Watch Series 3 Worth Buying Our Fitness Editor Weighs In
The she to my nanigans The Apple Farm
Apple and others have failed to revolutionize TV so I went back to cable instead
Apple cust srvc at Park City MallLancaster the worst. Why sched an appt for me if youre not able to help me til its convenient for you
As per Apple support when you exit your car if phone was connected via Bluetooth ringer volume will automatically set to MAXIMUM.
Dear Apple  the app stuff you took out of iTunes would be real helpful for a longtime user setting up a device as new. Just sayin.
Apple iPhone SE  16GB  Silver Verizon Smartphone
not criss cross apple sauce
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
FUTFMPodcast nellygotbored I got you guys Hahaha keep it up and Ill keep subscribing courtesy of Apple 
Everyone is flocking to the Pixel. We may have hit peak Apple
Sometimes a sharpener feels better than apple and honey.......... fuckmylife
He works for Apple . Im not upgrading Im Keeping my cracked phone
pocketcasts any tips on how to get the Apple Watch app working Just sits like this 
I see why Apple called the iPhone 8 Plus just that. It really is an upgrade over the 7 Plus.
How to Start a Podcast
Great outing with the club today hiking at the Assabett River Wildlife Refuge and then apple pocking at Honey Pot...
Drinking an Apple Pie Wheat by HalfHitchBeer Big Four Building 
I want to see a man beaten to a bloody pulp with a highheel shoved in his mouth like an apple in the mouth of a pig Andrea Dworkin
Apple starting their shit again. Every time a new phone bouta come out they start messing with yours.
People complain about he closed system. But Apple controlling the standards helps with QC.
bobsmileycomic do you think Apple was really started by a woman We do know not to bite right
You still have to run an Apple specific build process to use WebARonARKit though right
I liked a YouTube video
burning apple snores scentsy addict
I am a Mac fan through and through. I detest windows with a passion. If you dont want the flas apple screen have a look at the Mac mini
Great question. You can view all of Apple s public financial information here
2. Select Apple Mobile Device and Stop the service
Swiping up on Apple Music feel like first degree murder when u in the groove
I liked a YouTube video
1 day left on our Tara Little Apple album giveaway. Tell us your favorite member
I do not subscribe to any of this this is what Apple gives me for news. We are puppets Wtf 
My iPhone battery is fried bc Apple makes nice products with shitty ass batteries so yay new Apple phone comes in tomorrow lovehate
Then they have the pull n peel which is the ultimate clutch that they have strawberry cherry and green apple I believe
Apple s Face ID Will Lead to Totalitarian New World Order According To Jim Carrey
 Apple Jews thats kind of rude for the people who made the song with talent and effort to get revenue lol
Its on Apple Music.
arzE Neo Yokio  Time Crisis r the only reasons I have Netflix n Apple Music accounts...thx for trapping me in the capitalist streaming web
Time for the  Apple is over memes... usually followed by record earnings. iPhone X might be Apple s peak Qz
Having problems with Apple updating the app they are proving very difficult to work with. I can not make the process any faster I am sorry
Apple fucked up big time
I think her Adams apple is showing.
I bought an Apple Watch today to make myself feel less miserable and worthless and let me just say Ive never felt better
spending my saturday eating apple pie  watching ask wendy compilations. lifes great
verizon returning Apple Watch and going to take my phonedata plans to Tmobile HorribleCustomerService 3HioursWasted
Lmfao thats what matters Ugh well the regular are cherry I believe...but they got the rainbow ones that have grape blueberry apple etc
 Apple cider vinegar is working great for me Ive lost 10 pounds in 7 months
This wedding has sparkling apple cider hello
Apple Needs Samsung To Move Forward
Its true. Fail for Apple . 
number of apple shares barcelona vs real madrid fight
Known screen peeling issue. Take it into apple . They replaced mine for free last December.
I only worry when I find a HALF worm in my apple .... I mean I worry for the worm right
Who has NBA 2k28 on Apple ID and can share me
nowplaying WanteD WanteD by Mrs. GREEN APPLE 
Apple overstepped. Overestimated its hold on consumers. iPhone 8 will be the weakest release in years.
Apple Watch Series 3 Review No iPhone No Problem
Business West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1584 Shares of Apple Inc. NASDAQAAPL  The Ledger Gazette
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
As they say  The apple does not fall far from the tree.
as Apple People talk about Why They Love Apple so much to the heavens I felt screaming Tech Support
Dear Apple  iOS11 Could I get my battery back Lol thanks.
Thats EXACTLY why I really dig the apple pencil for my ipad. Cause it has that kind of functionality built into it
Im working from Apple Music Beats 1 today this place is amaaazing 
Sign in to apple on an old phone and leave it there
First workout using all three of my new toys Apple Watch S3 iPhone 8 Plus and inov8 All Train 215s. 
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Dill pickles and apple sauce packets.
Today on this edition of How Headass Can You Get This nigga has a Apple sticker on his drivers side window. More at 8..
Just noticed Apple s Swift 4.0 Includes A Compatibility Mode For The Majority Of Swift 3.x Code
I use a couple of tablespoons of flour in the apple mix. If I aint cooking the apples first
The torch function on the Apple Watch update is probably one of the handiest things that has happened since sliced bread 
You cant add space on an IOS apple phone
Its almost like Apple is launching a vastly superior version of their phones in a month. Everyone wants an iPhone X over the iPhone 8
Battery life on my iPads has been suspect since updating to iOS 11 Apple are you getting reports about this happening to others
Getting Smarter Apple Unveils The Anniversary iPhone X
VirginAustralia looking to spend some frequent flyer points on an Apple Watch. None listed in the store.Any plans to add them to the store
Getting Smarter Apple Unveils The Anniversary iPhone X
Getting Smarter Apple Unveils The Anniversary iPhone X
Haha...like his Apple boycott right Maybe they should form a book club....wait
Imma deadass ask him did you go to Stanford for this
Forever the dumbest decision by Apple .
Apple Haarlem just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Dont be deceived by this apple . Green apple mousse French macaron crunchy roasted pine nuts spiced caramel 
JackSepticEye How about some Apple Jacks 
StarTrek  Discovery  Finally Lands  Apple Fall TV
My entire house smells like apple cinnamon and I couldnt be happier
Like if you are Excited hack screen iphone iphoneonly apple ios phone smartphone mobile 
Get yourself a man who loves dogs Lordstown Apple Cider Festival
The new Apple Watch OS finally has seconds minutes and hours in the timer app
Apple picking  a fall tradition in Canada 
Apple can patch bugs but its biggest Apple Watch problem cant be fixed
Will only be a matter of time before Apple takes up the new branding. iX iXs
About online Marketing becoming app authentication standard is the holy grail. Apple has gone after Googles ad revenue.
FrenchStyle Apple Tart Tarte Tatin 
let them know
I want a word with Apple s designer.
Is caramel apple time. Schneiders Sweet Shop in Bellevue KY
And often a hard one within Apple itself as theres few designers left who cut their teeth on Mac.
Issue iPhones use NFC for Apple Pay only.
Apple has shed 50 billion  bigger than the entire value of eBay Target or Ford  since it unveiled the new iPho
Wed like to look into this with you. What kind of iPhone do you have Are you using a genuine Apple charging cable
Exactly how old is that Apple today
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Went apple pumpkin picking with T dating model toribinda 
WANTED Apple TV Hurstpierpoint BN6
Thank you  based on photos I took from kitchen windows whilst he was sat in our apple tree
verizon I spend 2k per year on two unlimited plan lines. Why is adding an Apple Watch so complex Why dont CS know how to get that done
Pumpkin patch and apple picking
Oregon trail on an apple IIe 32 years ago. Hello from California
Ever After High MIB lot of Apple White C. A. Cupid Ashlynn Hunter Dolls New
Is it too much to ask that when Apple does an update they fix the battery issues
My brain feels like it has the consistency of apple sauce.
This Week in Content Marketing  Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
Im not an Apple fanboy but damn great strategic thinking and presentation. Apple is lost without Jobs charisma.
Apple THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR SCREEN RECORDING
Best apple watch face Ive had to date realtalkkim
My Lets Talk About It EP is on Apple Music
Apple music is garbage.
Okay great Im gonna cancel Apple Music once this fee trial runs out. Thanks guys
Anything Apple is obsolete. Lol.
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm With Extras 179.00 via eBay
Apple crisp apple pie and deer jerky. Life is good.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Chinese equity fund take bite of the UK firm Apple ditched
FYI Glowing Eyes or other songs uploaded on Apple and Spotify may have been uploaded by an individual claiming them as their own songs
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
I left my Apple Watch at home
btw when fiona apple said Ill never glow the way that you glow that was about me
That awkward moment when you upgrade your phone at a monthly price and ATTWireless and Apple charge you 1005 instead ON DEBIT.
STEMMEdCamp at Spruce Mtn Middle School in Jay. Fall Maine hot apple  pumpkin doughnuts from Ricker Hill Farm Not too late to join us 
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
New iPhone  Apple Watch prep unveiling Terminal Tinkering on tmodaily
Maybe if you tell the people if this is streamed on Apple TV 
Got em Granny Apple Fries applefries legoland lego goodeats LEGOLAND California
I havent gone apple picking with my family yet 
The reviews are in for the iPhone 88Plus Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K ABEC Ep. 102  Video  CNET
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Why doesnt Apple Pay let you customise the design of or at the very least nickname cards Basic adjustment huge usability improvement.
Im at Apple Valley Rd And Bear Valley Rd
Display Release on apple CAST
She just... crushed and apple with her bare hand...
I always knew it was false I once had a cold and ate an apple  no affects
I liked a YouTube video
Is Apple deliberately sabotaging old iPhones before a new release
Taking application for anyone who wants to do activities example reading terminal market apple picking farmers markets. HMU
I have a Apple 6 S
Yes. Samsung is a major supplier for Apple and always has been. What Im saying is that Apple is buying a higher tier of Samsung OLED display
If youre in Antifa  you dont like being exposed to the public. You can thank . Google  Apple for their tech. AltLeft TakeAKnee 
really glad I have the Awkward Pop Songs album on CD since ALL OF THEIR SONGS ARE BEING TAKEN OFF APPLE MUSIC 
Apple IPhone 6s  16GB  Unlocked Silver Gray Smartphone  good Price 259.00 ...
Allergic to apple but she loves it
New post Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple
yo Apple why are your products so crappy i still use them but my phone is fucking up for why
I used to be a big fan of the mango ones personally but green apple is also legit.
He got poisoned With the Apple KoolAid dotdot LOL time to show him fresh clear healthy side... HTC U 11
Hi roarks Im a maned wolf wags tail I like stuff eats an apple  THE WORLD IS A FUCKING VOID THAT WE CAN NEVER ESCAPE
We used Apple TV
I need that new Apple Watch.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
if i had an apple a day id most definitely see at least one doctor a day YAY FOR ALLERGIES
Im at Apple in Costa Mesa CA w vanessafleck
Really I dont where u are from but i was raised on Hot dogs apple pie and chevrolet. Not Vodka caviar and Fascism. Who you kidding.
Apple cider Vinegar. Do some research it works amazing
I just uploaded a new video to YouTube  Should you buy an Apple Watch 3
bone apple teeth 
All my Apple Watch does is tell me how fat I am when Im not working
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines Apple s new
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 128GB PRODUCT RED at 99.99 on 4GEE Max 40GB 24 Mon...
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark Vintage apple bottoms jeans.
First attempt at Apple Tart Homemade
Display Release on apple CAST
Stay hungry Stay foolish.   apple  ÎÄCEO
You will Love Ontarios Warm Apple Pie Trail to the Core  This sounds heavenly
Why is Apple juice so fuckin good
PSA There are no Note 8s in my area. Cant even play with one... GdgtMom applejosh Further more Im locked into Apple ecosystem
hulusupport unable to link page message on apple tv for Top of the Lake Americas Got Talent
Lol my dad loves Double apple and mint. Its too strong for me i prefer sweet flavours like Bluebrry Pomegranate Cherry Grape etc
Cherry and raspberry chia are tight. I love the BDK spiced apple too so bomb.
Theres a McDonalds right across the road and Im so tempted to go get an apple pie at midnight
Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Space Gray via eBay
Apple iPad 4 Gen 32GBWIFi4G CEL VERIZONNEW 4CASE BUNDLE145 NEW EXTRASNICE via eBay
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
Fix your fucking music app Apple
Give them a shot. Apple has a painless return policy if you dont like them.
Cannot drag the app outside of the folder in first try. Tried it like 5 times but still same bug. apple ios ios11bugs 
Wow were still figuring out all of the iPhone releases. What do you think of Apple s tenth anniversary product releases poll tech
Great video on why Apple needs Samsung.
tech technology mobilegeb Apple iPhone X all you need to know in 8 minutes
favorite dessert  mint chocolate chip ice cream or apple pie
Stay hungry Stay foolish.   apple  ÎÄCEO
I liked a YouTube video
Yep that apple didnt fall too far from the tree.
apple cider szn
Apple Pie Spiced Muffins with a Streusel and Glaze on top vegan  glutenfree you gotta try these
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
No Apple Pay option
Me Ill leave Twitter Me apple fucKING PIE
So nice of apple to finally make an emoji to express how full you are
On its march to 1 trillion Apple hits a speed bump as WallStreet dings them over LTE connectivity issues.
I dont want apple slices I want potato slices... that are fried
Apple TV 3rd Generation Digital HD Media Streamer WCable and HDMI cable 37.99 via eBay
Bone apple teeth
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 9.99 on 4GEE Max 7GB ...
I liked a YouTube video
Shes raking up those plays on our familys Apple Music taylorswift look what you made my
Pac12Network what is the significance of the green apple football pins the analysts are wearing gocougs
It comes to tying a rakhri. Oh and better chargers apple 
Love how rian was like I dont like hot fruit but like bitch apple pie is my queen
When your Apple TV trolls you... PEB CVV 
Youre right but I dont get why some apple users be like Android is trash at least my phone doesnt break after I drop it no offense
The REAL NIGGAS will...I guarantee...shid Id sit cross cross apple sauce on they bitch ass if it was me
Live in Brussels by Arno on Apple Music
MY HONEYBUNCH SUGAR PLUM PUMPKIN SWEETIEPIE CUPPYCAKE GUMDROP SNOOGUM BOOGUMS THE APPLE OF MY EYE
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters
Apple Im returning the new Apple Watch. Trying to set up the watch with verizon was a horrible experience. 3 hours wasted.
Now Playing Apple Crumble by Gary Boyle Listen Live at
Can Google HTC crack Apple Samsung smartphone duopoly  TribuneReview
IIRC originally apple of my eye was just a term for the pupil and over time its changed meaning so that now its used to refer to
WHY TF CANT I TURN OFF AUTO BRIGHTNESS Apple
Apple didnt fall very far from the tree
Whos trynna be my fooking cinnamon apple 
apple is made up of a bunch of liars tbh
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Sorry realDonaldTrump but resitance  protest is as American as Apple Pie u bum leavenflalone Get some morales about yourself
So now all of a sudden my iPhone 7 acting crazy. App Store glitches and running slowly. Is this my cue to get a iPhone 8 Apple verizon
We have some questions to get us started. Are you an Apple Music subscriber Is this happening when connected to cellular
I liked a YouTube video
Youre in an Apple Store on a launch weekend their network was swamped.
Z by SZA is available again on Apple Music Im geeked af
yes but it would have to be taken down by spotify Apple manually after a cease  decist or violation report
RT futureguru100 RT GoonageIsReal Microphone Jackson by RiseRashid on Apple Music A other banger from rashid  
Goddammit Apple ichigo
I really want to go apple picking w someone
Apple users Lust Money  Murder Book 1 is a FREE DOWNLOAD on iBooks 1st in a Series section  click here
Apple Unveils the iPhone X
Apple love when you have bought 3 computers 12 phones multiple iPads and the Apple store tells you to go away 
OFDIJGOAIFDG DOES APPLE EARBUDS COUNT WITH ITS MIC IDK MAN AAAAAAH
where do people go apple picking sos please help
The pessimistic view is that Apple is sliding. The optimistic view is the iPhone X sales will be better than expecting and eating 8 sales.
Going to say it I hate Apple  Ive spent a fortune on Apple products. Everytime I login asks me for a new password My last Apple product
So the iPhone 8 Plus happened alongside the Apple Watch Cellular because of course it did First impressions  almost slipped several times
i cant login with my apple id to appstore
Apple time applepicking ct familyfun 
Lowkey want an Apple Watch.
meat lovers apple
I bought the 8 because Im on the apple upgrade program and I dont want to have to upgrade in January forever because I waited for the X
Today I finally learned how to turn off shuffle mode in Apple Music. Im feeling good
http newswallet.co Apple iPhone 8 sustains scratch heat bend test Watch video...
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1584 Shares of Apple Inc. NASDAQAAPL  The Ledger Gazette
This Week in Content Marketing Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. 
ya i think my phone is broken i hate apple
Original Apple Watch doesnt support watchOS 4 heart rate features
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
i got apple music and i looooove it since i can listen to ALL their songs in korean not japanese unlike spotify 
Hello Apple can I get a free I phone 8 pretty please
Notorious for terrible consumer services unless you drive to their beloved store
Trying to figure out Apple iPhone 5c... saying its full but theres nothing on the phone sofrustrating
Do they get in for free if they show their NAMBLA membership cards I assume Milo carries his everywhere
fix the bugs in this ios ur killing me Apple . Cant use my phone sometimes.
is this gonna be on apple 
Time to make an apple pie
lol. iOS11 is the worst UX ever. what the heck happened to you Apple . jeeeeezis
When Apple drops a product go for the silver or gold. Dont bother about the black or whites thats for the racism.
A yummy honeycrisp apple in its natural habitat. We did buy a bag of HC apples and some real apple cider. 
I just hate the Apple that it has become. Heck Steve would hate it
get SexyDirtyLove by ddlovato on apple music here
Apple only allows streaming not downloading of upgraded 4K movies
Apple assembleBGScanResults Heap Overflow
Yes very good question
My phone is acting crazy all of a sudden. I think Its a plot by Apple to get me to buy an IPhone 8. Its not going to work.
Im selling Vintage apple bottom on Mercari Use JKKBMU to sign up and get 2 off
did i miss the apple pickingmemo everyone and their mothers went apple picking today
Apple iPad mini 4 64GB WiFi 7.9in  Space Gray  GRADE A CONDITION R
. Apple I UPDATED MY PHONE AND NOW I CANT CALL ANYONE. IM TRYNA ORDER SUSHI AND I CANT.
Apple iPad Mini 1st Gen  16GB  WiFi 7.9in  Black Gray Silver  GOOD RD
NEW Sealed Apple iPad Mini 3 MH0F2LLA 16GBWifi  4G GOLDSprint
Cut me apple slices and give me hugs pls
aw its been a week since Harley and Jake gave me an apple pie with a candle. happy days
That apple didnt fall very far from the tree
Im getn D some oj n apple juice he likes
if youre giving them out Ill take one too
Weird spotlight keyboard bug in iOS 11 apple ios ios11update 
iPhone 8 drop test We tested Apple s most durable glass  CNET
Apple NEWS Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Having gone to a Apple store with my friend to pick up her phone I now know I dont have to fear Hell Ive already been there...
Just so I am clear isnt attacking football sort of a fatal error Kind of like saying you hate Mom and apple pie
LOOK AT MY BABY MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE  
I liked a YouTube video
Hey r apple  Ive been having trouble falling asleep lately so I made an app that generates a constant stream of peaceful songs to fall 
Get U signature design with LookRev furniture VirtualDecor Apple 
Sue apple
New Story Apple Valley High School Boys Varsity Cross Country finishes 3rd place
HES MT CINNAMON APPLE
News Apple Watch Series 3 unboxing photos
Im having a soft moment i love my baby boy my pumpkin prince my lightbulb my small apple pie my lightning my mole man my little vamp boy my
Thats fine. Ill just cancel my subscription  proceed to tidal  Apple Music. Their downloads are unlimited.
So handsome even eating an apple
Attempting to make apple crisp
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 1584 Shares of Apple Inc. NASDAQAAPL  The Ledger Gazette
This Week in Content Marketing Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
I liked a YouTube video
NICZOE Womens Petite Tonal Tides Top Baked Apple Mix Petite Petite
Like line up for a damn Apple appointment and spend even more after buying their iPhone 8 drop
New 3ohBlack on Apple music now 
PushAwardsMayWards My name is granny smith apple lilacs i have a very big peachpuff eyes LIT showing na
I hope you get Apple s attention about upscaling and converting everything to 4K HDR and not having a native mode instead of. Yuk
My first trip to NelliesSk has been outstanding. Most certainly wont be my last Apple pie to finish livemusic southernfood belmontnc 
Hmm Eating an apple while looking at the cherry blossoms is really special
If youre using an iPhone wo Apple Music youre a loser
GET LUCKY  DAFT PUNK  PHARRELL WILLIAMS do Album Apple Music Festival London 2015 Video Album  iTunes
TakeAKnee Statues Flags Anthem what else would you like to Destroy in this Country How Bout some rotten apple pie Scumbags
Apple experiments homemade applesauce and test tasting apples to determine our favorite way to eat apples. wbkinder wbkinderkraze 
dont have a apple lol
Apple just changes random shit with how ios apps work. Had to change so much at work this week because apple went nah lets change that
hell ya follow me on apple music if u like gay hip hop moyaag 
Google bought HTC as a defensive move Apple s authentication big bet might just break Googles marketing  ad revenue dominance
Absolutely. The connecting thread is that they are bullies aholes  trolls.
Apple ... wtf you doing my phone battery goes from 100 to 0 in like an hour now... iOS11
I dont like apple hahaha but thanks
How the Apple iPhone came to rule the world  The Spectator
Double apple and mint Grosssss
i wish i had Apple Music
Iranian and Afghan iOS users can finally ditch their Arabic keyboards in favor of Persian now that Apple has...
Peaceful apple  
Seeing Apple s new movie iT soon
I mean its like at number 9 or 8 on Apple Music
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
I connected my Apple pay with my Uber and I keep getting credits towards my Uber whenever I purchase things
Apple and pear picking
A goat at the apple orchard where it was 88 degrees today Too hot for fall but the goat is cute wiwx fall 
Best feature ng ios 11 ang screen recording thank u apple
Apple iPhone 7 Plus Unlock Original ATT 8636179292 For Sale
This latest Apple iOS update is the suckiest of the suckiest of the updates that suck 
im baking an apple pie for desert tn and i am so fuCKING EXCITED YOU GUYS I DONT EVEN CARE THAT ITS A FROZEN ONE
Apple iPhone 8 aces JeryRigEverything durability test Is it the most durable iPhone ever
Apple iPad Air 2 MNVY2LLA 32GB 9.7 WiFi  Cellular UNLOCKED Silver via eBay
Apple IPad 2 2nd Generation Tablet 1 GHz Processor 32GB Wifi White New via eBay
IOS is a crappy OS. Apple dudes seling whones with fast charging without fast charger. Rotten and greedy firm.
Apple iPhone 6 Plus 128gb Black
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone
AppleSupport my Apple ID has been hack last night also the phone number change for varification now its saying Id had been locked
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Yellow Scattered Sunflowers Apple Watch Band Yellow Scattered Sunflowers Apple Watch Band 49.95 by loraseverson
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray TMobile Smartphone
Apple iPhone update sucks. Or I have to get used to. Its ugly appleupdate
Do I know anyone close to the Apple headquarters I bought a hat years ago 78 and its time for a new one.
Apple Sauce  cliffp8 Assists brought to you by MacOutpostLon
Got some hot apple cider and it was grand. Fall is here.
NAME say FAIRPLAY STREAM For Streaming PREMIUM For Sale
Apple need to DM me back
Both have their pros and cons right now Apple SoCs are winning . Im writing this from a OnePlus 3T and for me this phone is fast enough.
On tap Original Hopped Apple  Ginger w Elderflower Summit House and Boxing Bros Ozark Apple . Food TheRollingDiner
Uhh David looked in his bag for a can of apple sauce and tried to feed her some.
I got Honey Crisp Apple Cider
Using RNAseq data to select reference genes for normalizing gene expression in apple roots
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  The Guardian
New Music Look for it on iTunes and Spotify and apple and google play IM OVER IT. Sept 25th 
Apple Stock Slump Continues  Tests Key Technical Support
Ultrathin Soft Case Back Cover TPU for Apple iPhone 5 5S SE Transparent ARL4 4
NAME say FAIRPLAY STREAM For Streaming PREMIUM For Sale
Both have positives and negatives. Im currently on Apple . iOS 11 is awesome but I have my GALAXY S6 on pause because Android is still 1.
Never had one. But as long as I wash it down with a Carmel apple empanada Im in.
NEW 9th Selection Album of PianoTenThousandLeaves pls Enjoy  spotify
iPhone X  Introducing iPhone X  Apple
Buy in china
Athkr98 find a big Adams apple
Oh 110 It will be exactly like the night before an Apple keynote
I know reminds me of Apple vs. Android. Apple uses technology that has been available for at least 4 years
You got that right. You are way different from the mainstream. Id say you should tackle some other brands too besides apple .
Apple Watch Series 3 Unboxing
Apple Crumble in the Bronx FeedAFilmCake
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Apple phone support said try Cat6 Ethernet cable but I discovered workaround is to just use WiFi instead of plugging in through Ethernet
I wish android and apple could just unite already so I can FaceTime with my friends
ReedFoleyMusic bro release more music on Apple Music 
Banana 1 tbs protein 1 tbs ground flax vanilla Greek lowfat yogurt mandarin oranges cold pressed apple juice 
Pissed Blueprint 3 isnt on apple music I need to hear Already Home rn
Dear Motts there is no need for high fructose corn syrup in apple sauce. Get that trash out of there if you want me to buy your product.
You worked at Apple and you dont have the answer
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Put a apple in my mouth and cook me
Crown Apple Or Hennessy 
Dont put your toe on your apple ...dont put your toe in your mouth a thing Ross just had to say to our child
lowcarb77 any tips on how I can get my apple pie to not turn out so runny Its flowing like bourbon in Kentucky
Thank you Randy for the broadcast to my wife.
Fiona Apple s Tidal is a debut album.
Apple Music was pretty dope for the week I had it again lol they stepped their playlist game up tremendously
We may have hit peak Apple
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Rt and spread the word APPLE Teams Up Against Drunk Driving ResponsibleBulldogs appletraininginstitute2017 bsu18 bsu19 bsu20 bsu21 
then ill give u an apple wahaha 
Got my galas today made a beautiful apple crisp.
Live Photos might be the best thing thats ever happened to Apple .
ESPNU disappeared off of my ESPN App on the apple tv. Im gonna be super pissed if I cant watch the Auburn game.
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Apple of my eye lovebug bigboy alwaysmybaby love
Updated my iPod Touch to iOS 11. Whats different about it from iOS 10. ipodtouch apple iOS11
like an apple from the tree RutherfordHenry 
Hey apple  youve fucked the podcast app.
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters
IT looks like shit really its such a ugly phone
So just like I thought the most impressive innovations at Apple are inside their new chipsets 
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell woos City with tea and iPad socialism
Improve Time Machine performance with Big Bands. To use Linux server as Time Capsule use netatalk. apple linux
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines mac feedly
I ate an apple all day thats it... now I have to wait 33 mins to eat dinner 
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
Shoot I gotta pick up the manga from my library sometime soon. Anime any good though
LifeProof Fre Protective Waterproof Case for Apple iPhone 6 PLUS  iPhone 6S PLUS  5.5 Screen  Black
ESIST .techtv recommends  The reviews are in for the iPhone 88Plus Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K ABEC Ep. 102 
Apple iPhone 8 Plus review Faster better but essentially more of the same Technology Use 
Waiting For My IPhone 8 Plus Now  Apple Watch Series 3 
Ottime considerazioni iPhone 8  Why Did Apple Even Make This
nothing good has ever come from using apple maps
Apple MacBook Pro Retina 15 Quad Core 2 GHz i7 256 GB Flash Drive 8 GB RAM Fast
iPhone 4 Apocalypse TuffGrip case cover for Apple iPhone 4G  4  Black  Tree of Life
Yooooo Apple stop slowing down my phone.
How to easily transfer data from Android or your old iPhone to iPhone8  iPhoneX with AnyTrans
I can tell you love Apple  if you didnt you wouldnt be so passionate about wanting to see them do better
This could make a great Apple Watch Commercial... Let me know if you need any clarifications or if theres an opportunity for myself to help 
Wait so why is Beach House 3 released on Spotify but not Apple music
Education in the Apple Orchard a daily harvest of teaching and learning shared by ADEs is now available.
Bad Baby go to Fishing Giant APPLE Funny Toddler Learning Colors with CA...
Recipes with Apple Cider
Super retina display Apple fakefriends 
Get the feeling Apple s losing the plot.
iFixits iPhone 8 teardown finds a smaller battery and lots of glue
ive been on it for months now and they still wont fix my battery issues finna kms
Trump learned from his daddy a Nazi racist bullying conman. The bad apple squatting at 1600 PennAve did not fall far from the tree.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple AirPods White InEar Official AirPods Wireless Genuine Airpod MMEF2AMA
What no queue Has Apple lost its core supporters  The Guardian
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines Apple iPhone
I finally preordered the Apple Watch 3 Im so happy.
I liked a YouTube video
Already started by apple tree yard producers to get more views on Sunday
Snapchat screenshot notifications are really out of whack with iOS11 . I dont think they are using the API the way Apple intended.
I hate Apple at least as much as the next person who helps Apple . But people should be able to use whatever damn phone they want to use.
TimesSquareNYC newyorkcity The Big Apple  Baby Looking forward to tomorrow tired bright early 
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
As we enter the harvest season its all about the apple  but would you use it as a fixture at your wedding...
Apple Pay Cash and iCloud message sync wont arrive with iOS 11 launch lawyerology
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
EchoBazaar This Furniture Is Made Out of Mushrooms  National Geographic
GrainFree Apple Honey Cake This apple cake is ready to celebrate With its festive topping of toasted almonds a
Apple Milkshake Recipe Homemade VegetarianRecipes Foodie
Apple USB Power Adapter
its like instagram for music you post music off of soundcloud spotify or apple music to ur followers
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
The Way of the Fairy Godmother redemptwarrior 2016 New Apple eBook Inspirational Medalist Winner
iPhone 8 Might Be A Wrong Choice For The Apple Users spon ios11 tech launch news socialmedia mobile
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get TalkU at
Drinking a Dragons Breath Ginger Apple Cider by Williams Orchards at niceguyspizza 
ios 11 a kill mon iphone 5s apple ils snt fort hein
Its cider time DearDara s top picks for apple drinks this fall
Apple has done a horrible job advertising the iPhone 8 
Ive always felt the disappointment from my every visit to the genius bar...Sorry to hear your negative experience
Apple CEO Tim Cook Thrilled With Launch Day Response to iPhone 8
honey battered chicken tenders and macaroni and cheese and apple cider and pain killers... what more could a little boy ask for 
Tim Cook is thrilled with iPhone 8 sales says Apple Watch LTE fix is coming
nflcommish Good luck on your new business model disrespecting 60 of your fans. I guess the apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
My new Apple Watch telling me to chill out and breathe while Im in the bathroom. ...My poop heart rate is 68 BPM. F U T U R E
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone 600.00 via eBay
i am being soooo fat today i want another candy apple
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
water and flaxseed...you grind it up in a blender. its got really good healthy fat in it and apple cider vinegar has really good bacteria 
Why is my Anis apple hurting
Inside iPhone 8 Apple s A11 Bionic introduces 5 new custom silicon engines
OtownBsoccer great team win over Apple Valley with outstanding goal keeping as well Congrats 
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
hinata literally just spilt apple juice everywhere DUMBASS
Apple was a target they said.
This iPhone 7 Plus gotta be the worst real deal boutta get my 5th one this year apple
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone win 
Apple AppleSupport Example Using Apple Watch to make a handsfree call to 911 allows User to utilize first aid kit and administer aid. 
Display Release on apple CAST
thanks Apple and Portugal for these beautiful pics 
can u send texts on an apple watch replytweet
Tonights plan celery root velout filet mignon w cognac cream sauce roasted fresh carrots fondant potatoes and Sues apple tarte tatin
maybe why young got to kind of sneak it to Apple music and stuff
Ask Woody Guthrie about Trumps dad. The apple doesnt fall too far from the tree.
SamsungMobileUS will they be Galaxy S9 or will it follow the Apple and Windows pattern and skip 9 to 10 
I LOVE IPHONES BUT APPLE KEEP COMING OUT WITH THESE PHONES I HOPE THEY FIXING THE BATTERY LIFE BRUH
Responsive Design Mode shortcut is now gone. Meh. Bring it back please Apple  
Lets her soft yet small nose rub on the middle of TacticalOfficer s adam apple with a little giggle every rub As she tries to get his 
I just published Deezer Revs Up Against on Spotify Apple and Amazon The Controversy Around Music Stream
Apple pie sounds too good right now
Apple pie for the win
It irritates me that if all the emojis we have to us we dont have an Apple logo WTF I need that timcook please get someone on that
perks of being a dance teacher my studio is gonna pay for all the instructors to have apple music so they can use it during their classes
Fuck apple brah why all did all my pictures delete
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  128GB  Black ATT Smartphone win 
Now Playing WanteD WanteD Mrs. GREEN APPLE 
stroughtonsmith can you tell me why the App Store and Apple Music take so long to load compared to everything else
Singapore government to trial Apple Pay for public transport in 2018
Apple yall need to fix this fuck ass update
Rylan at his first Apple picking adventure lovethoseyouhavedaily 
Apple A1533 Unlocked iPhone 5S Smart Phone 16 GB Gold
Apple folk is it worth getting the update
Making Larry Petrovs famous stew and my moms Bavarian Apple Torte tonight
Are NewYorkers turning to the latest apartment cleaning trend  Apple Cider Vinegar
I agree with this statement. Apple changes the Iphone nixes headphone port then the charging port and we come running ICMKTG MSU3013 
never changed also on itunes and apple music
the friction from the rustle energy is powering the arcane machines under Apple HQ so that one day Steve comes back as the biggest lich
Apple extends iTunes movie rental viewing window to 48 hours
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Every apple update gets uglier and harder to use i swear to god
MARVIN GAYE  CHARLIE PUTH  MEGHAN TRAINOR do Album Apple Music Festival London 2015 Video Album  iTunes
Retweeted Apple Music  AppleMusic  ICYMI Listen to BTStwt s new album Love Yourself  Her....
Oh oh and an apple and cinnamon one called Piequil dont touch me Im too hot youll burn your finger.
Apple iPhone 6s Plus a1687 16GB Smartphone LTE CDMAGSM Unlocked
Bought myself the Apple Watch series 3 today for all my hard work
Adding apple cider vinegar to my staples list of must have products in the home. Right next to Shea butter and herbal teas.
There better be no slandering of apple cider this Fall
Im happy to know that Apple finally put a gigabit Ethernet port on Apple TV. No choice with 4k I guess.
Apple products have gone downhill.
UK Relief for British apple growers as Tesco relaxes its blemishfree rules
Like Apple  we skipped some s and went straight to 10. Unlike Apple  we dont hope copies of our rival journals spontaneously catch fire.
They stopped me from being able to receive emails becuSe they discontinued the Apple me na they frauds
Idk if Im more excited for an Apple dumpling or dustinlynch at the fair next Friday
Im Finna change it real quick .. to see how the shii look .. and I wish Apple would change our keyboard to how it look when you in twitter.
I liked a YouTube video
Thank god for google translate on your Apple Watch or we wouldve never passed Spanish 2
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Apple you really fucked up not releasing the iPhone 8 in Rose Gold
 all four in perfect harmony to the man who was sour for his stolen apple . That should pay for it.
Fire extinguisher anywhere Guess its gonna be turkey sandwiches on white bread wmustard again tonight  a side of apple sauce
Apple Scandalous Hella Shady
out of the 4739583 apple products in this household there is not a spare charger. get sooooooo far to fuck man
Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy study shows
MSHSL Apple Valley 0 at Lakeville South 3  FINAL
Lol. The kind that my parents pick and bring to my house  right now Macouns theyre my favorite apple  tho I know not ideal 4 pie.
This is coming from a millionaire Apple
I think apple is just trying to see how far it can go in fuck ups before fanboys will stop defending them
I need to unlock Apple Watch serie 1
Youre the one that keeps parroting one in million why cant you show stats Everything has risks. Eating an apple has risks.
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MC769LLA for 98.87 with 29d 23h via eBay
Whos tryna go on a cute date w vinnyvec7 and I... apple picking
Eats apple .
Hi Matthew I have no news on Apple Pay right now we will let you know as soon as we have an update. Kate
I cant even CALL apple support fuck Im suppose to do text these niggas in Cali Im tired
APPLE CIDER VINEGAR IS NOT A LACHRYMATORY AGENT IT IS AN ANTIDOTE 
apple  i look like a human heart mango i look like a stomach grapes i look like eyes banana i dont like this game
Love the new Apple TV update. I can switch my Beats Solo 3 headphones easily between my iPad iPhone Mac  Apple TV with no pairing
Apple s master plan.
I never liked them that way until a friend used an apple ale. They were so good.
Waited hours for an Apple appt before being told oh btw it will be 229 to fix a crack in your 300 watch. Thanks Apple 
Who want to make these for me I used to love these at Apple Hill
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
twitter  your app is crashing on Apple watch. Please fix it
Man I really want an Apple Watch now
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems via forbes
Drinking a Fippenny Apple Graff by gristironbrew at foodfirebbq 
So were driving back home after taking my goddaughter apple picking Babe decides to sit in the back seat and put my goddaughter to sleep.
Apple .. whats up with the oversized headers with iOS 11 Im not 70 I can read my screen just fine
Apple s ARKit has finally launched and here ... future
cool gift 7 1MORE Triple Driver InEar Headphones EarphonesEarbuds with Apple iOS and Android Compatible
Apple releases longawaited special edition iPhone
Go add my single by the fire to your playlist on Apple Music  Spotify  tidal  iTunes etc.
Between the Long Grove Apple Festival 2017 and my volleyball match Im probably down 10lbs in water weight. Quite a fun day but now to la
tech technology mobilegeb Check out Apple s new ad for the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus but d
Heres why flagship stores for retailers like Apple and Starbucks have become tourist attractions  MarketWatch
me hey apple the link to rsvp to the interview doesnt work apple  Why havent you rsvpd yet if i dont do this interview bc of their
APPLE 27 WIDESCREEN THUNDERBOLT DISPLAY LCD MONITOR MC914LLA A1407
Ive literally never had an iPhone that didnt break. Ever. Apple
Im so annoyed thank god I have my upgrade in November. But thanks
When youre 3rd row at a concert and your iPhone breaks and you lose all the pictures thank u apple
EDMAHOLICS  Bad Apple  Cyb0rg Remix by Cyb0rg
I suggest Apple give iOS versions code names like they do for macOS versions. For iOS 11 I propose Nice update but lots of little bugs.
havent listened to it but its gonna on my Apple Music thank you
I liked a YouTube video
My phone glitching like a mf. Okay apple Ill get the new phone damn wtf
RT WIRED  Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy 
Its apple cider season
Using RNAseq data to select reference genes for normalizing gene expression in apple roots
Lil bit of burnin on my Apple Watchs OLED display after 2.5 years of pretty much the same watch face. Lowered the exposure in the pic. 
The mango Im eating right now is crunchy like an apple
Pumpkin spice is great and all... but what about all the apple and maple flavored stuff during fall They need love too...
You are right a beats an apple anytime
Doorbell rings and out of habit I drop below window level. Unbeknownst to me it was only mayormaxwellphd peddling butter braids. Apple
It is Bears week. Virginia McCaskey was the apple of the Kaisers eye and warbled to him in B flat. Packers
httpwww. ebay.comitm2528109327 94  iPhone 87 cases ON SALE NOW Includes secret card holder  Kickstand 4 colors to choose from iPhone8 Apple 
Lol that hasnt happened to me yet. Sorry cutie
15 apps for your iPhone that are better than the ones Apple made
Slow iPhone 8 sales may be good for Apple meaning there will be huge demand for iPhone X 2150bk
Apple was like were not making our repair quota lets make the new iPhones back glass lol
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Mike Murphy on whether Apple has peaked. While theres no indication that Apple will continue to be anything...
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Im seriously considering never purchasing another Apple product again after the BS I endured this weekend. AppleSupport
APPLE HEAD
My Apple Watch has been alive for 2 days now. Im more responsible.
Shout outs to apple and ios 11 for draining my battery twice as fast as for my phones battery draining twice as fast
Note the date of the article October 2015. Some of jnd1er and asktog s critique of Apple has been fixed but many problems remain.
Shes showing off her beautiful makeup on the iphone8 ximenaequis Apple NorthPark Center
Apple Crisp Pizza for Grandmas birthday dessert Sides of vanilla ice cream  caramel
Wtf ew I have to get the update thats so ugly
Yo this new update weird asf. Making mad decisions for me like what are you doing apple ....
Kelly Price Ft. LoonyCrooks Out Now On ITunes And Apple Music and Many Major Platforms 
Apple TV
I liked a YouTube video
I preordered the audiobook. Im very excited Im guessing the apple didnt fall far from the tree.
lol TheEllenShow hits a homerun with this Apple promotion
Statement The apple fell off the tree. Republican response Well oranges taste good too.
Goodell is the son of a Lib Politicianmakes perfect sense apple not falling far from the tree
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Also I was just playing music and now nothing is coming out of the speakers but the song is still playing on my Spotify
Check out Koooky Boo the Monster Childrens Apple I Pad Air Tablet CaseDrop Shock Protect Koooky
Watching WWENoMercy on my Xbox One as opposed to my usual Apple TV... if it sucks can I play a game and stream WWENetwork at same time
i left an apple on my room
Clikia is NOW on iTunes Stream TV anywhere and on any device Download today for your Apple Devices and STREAMEVERYWHERE  CLKA 
JamMonsterApple100ML is a delicious Apple Jam Smotherd on Buttered Toast Eliquid .
when u slide ur screen down and it looks like ur lock screen and its wack
I use Apple Music 
I guess it is ok it is in Tagalog. I need to learn it better. But interesting Apple disregards the regional culture of the PH
Apple iPhone 8 and 8 Plus Review and Price news RecentHacks
Id dump Eli Apple first.
Apple picking success Lynd Farms Apple Orchard
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White via eBay
apple really killed the album industry
Apple iPad 5th Generation 32GB WiFi  9.7Inch  Gold via eBay
Apple iPhone 8iPhone 8 Plus 64256GB UNLOCKED Smartphone Space Gold
It use to be going to Apple Store was to fix ones iphone  now according to anecdotal observation forcing customers to buy new iPhones
Preston st ottawa ontario canada iphone8plus photography apple shotoniphone Ottawa Ontario
I liked a YouTube video
I just had the urge to go apple picking wtf
Thats so annoying same thing is happening to mine wow
Apple News on Twitter
en Apple Bs.As
Cracking the Apple Trap
Family photos while apple picking 
Forgot the apple butter
You obviously are a hater. The apple stays close eh JR
Apple s Watch has a bug Facebook might be undermining democracy and Amazon is telling us how to make bombs. Tech news is weird right now.
Its 75 degrees I just bought the juiciest apple and Im cruising with the windows down. I cant complain.
fuck apple 
MeDo you want ice cream on your apple crisp 3yo I want that Me Ham 3yo Yes. But beside it. 3yos are weird.
Orchard is made with organic apple and pumpkin. Ask for a sample dogs organicfruit 
BRAND NEW SEALED Apple iPhone 6s  32GB  Gold Factory Unlocked 6 S Smartphone iphone iphone6 iphone7
The apple doesnt fall from the tree. Soon his kids will be visiting him in jail just like he did when his dad was locked up.
Hey Apple Im ready for iOS 11.1 fix yo shit.
Blossoms opening on the Maypole Crab Apple . Hoping for a good fruiting season and a new batch of Crab Apple Jelly in Summer 2018. Spring 
Do you get distracted by your phone when you are driving The newest Apple iPhone update lets you set up a new Do...
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev design Apple 
Apple is laser focused on ASP for iPhones. Yo gotta have features to walk people up that scale. That extra storage doesnt cost them 100...
Apple s reliance on its rival for critical component supply is a clear risk that needs to be addressed.  AAPL
Sales of any specific album purchased on iTunes and gifted to another are not reported by Apple  so they cant count for chart purposes.
Apple Cinnamon Baked Oatmeal
FFFFF APPLE FAKES  is there not another app that does it kdkxjxj
httpswww. wsj.comarticlesgood newsforappleasiphone8salesofftoaslowstart1506067166mgprodaccountswsj  Apple s slow iPhone 8 sales good bc potentially means consumers have greater appetite for iPhone X ISYS1021
IM SO ANGRY APPLE WONT LET ME SWIPE DOWN TO READ MY TEXTS ANYMORE. OR SIMPLY CLICK A NOTIFICATION TO GET TO IT.
I went apple picking this weekend but I didnt post pictures because Instagram is already full of them.
YO APPLE FARMS
2016 tech preview new Apple products and smartphones Second in the order of precedence for...
KRYSTAL FACTallergic apple but her love it
This is not the end We will be in the Hot 100 Just keep streaming on Spotify or Apple music BTSHot100 make it a trend
I mean he did name his kids Apple and Moses. Gotta have some sense of humor
Nah Apple head to change the material Monster products would break in half thats why 50 was throwing shots when he made SMS lol
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Don t Be So Hard On Yourself Jess Glynne APPS Apple
yea apple need to drop the bug fixes for ios 11
2016 tech preview new Apple products and smartphones Second in the order of precedence for
They said they needed a A code for the computer and the manager wouldnt give it to them Recommend I go to Apple  WTH
Dammit I havent done shazam or spotify apple music I got android ÎÄÎ¾
Lowkey tryna go to the apple orchard
hey Apple why arent there any planet emojis besides Earth and the Moon
Dayum lol
Would next Apple iOS update cause your existing iPhone mobile to slow to a crawl when iPhoneX launches tech
Apple cider works best
id make a real bad daddy joke right here but we are in a Public setting. SLIIIDES ONTO the apple section
The nerve of them to do that fuckery and not make group FT calls Apple dont fuckin listen for shit We miss Jobs
if youre paying money for an album it should count as a sale apple is useless
What is wrong with IOS11 Im trying to bend watch Netflix Apple
Apple Watch 3
Need to go pumpkin apple picking asap
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy study shows
Bitcoin to Surpass Apple Daily Trading Volume  Jens Nordvig 
Mid 2011 Apple Mac Mini 2.5ghz Core I5  4gb  Needs Repair  Free Shipping
Coming soon Il postino Calwise blonde rum apple cider allspice dram lemon Demerara
Apple
Apple Mac Mini Desktop Dualcore Intel I5 1.4ghz 4gb 500gb Mgem2lla
If Apple made dog hooks would they look like this doghook design shineyobjects seattle 
Apple Mac Mini A1283 Desktop  Mc239lla october 2009 320gb Hd 4gb Ram
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
Apple Mac Mini A1347 Md387lla core I5  2.5ghz  4gb Ram  500gb Hd
Harvard Study Proves Apple Slows Down old iPhones to Sell Millions of New Models  Creative Mag
The question is what apple item should I make first
Apple Mac Mini Late 2012 4gb Ram 500gb Hd  Apple Keyboard
Plus 256gb iPhone 7 seems to be discontinued. Its not offered on Apple s website and sold out mostly everywhere else.
Predecessors of todays Apple  user lol 
Apple Mac Mini 21 Core2 Duo 1.83ghz Upgraded 3gb 160gb Osx Lion  Win7 Dual
wow apple tysm for coming out with a new product and making sure my sshhhh glitches out every five seconds
My screen my mic doesnt work anymore and the music player doesnt work doesnt show
Apple Mac Mini I5 2.6ghz 8gb 1tb Late 2014 W Keyboard  Trackpad  Connect
It knows my struggles
Apple Mac Mini Late 2014 1.4 Ghz Intel Core I5 4th Gen 4 Gb 500 Gb Wacce
Bad Apple Mac Mini 2.0 Ghz Core 2 Duo 2.0gb 120gb Mb463lla Asis G
Good weed and Apple crown...
Apple Watch Series 3 first look So far no LTE problems
Bad Apple Mac Mini 2.0 Ghz Core 2 Duo 2.0gb 120gb Mb463lla Asis S
Oh damn well sorry man.. I was just getting my anger out.. He makes sure that the apple was far from him Im jay.
Does mcdonalds still make Apple pies
I would do terrible things for apple pie right now.
Eris. Although if he threw an apple into the middle of a party it would probably have mutant bees attached to it or something... 
Bad Apple Mac Mini 2.0 Ghz Core 2 Duo 2.0gb 120gb Mb463lla Asis P
Bad Apple Mac Mini 2.0 Ghz Core 2 Duo 2.0gb 120gb Mb463lla Asis W
4 hours w VZWSupport  turns out Apple sent me an LTE Apple and cant ID the SIM. Not on box or docs. Unacceptable AppleSupport
Apple Mac Mini A1347 Desktop  Mc815lla july 2011
New episode Unsolved murders in Virginia and a strong suspect Were on Apple Podcasts Stitcher and PodOmatic PodernFamily truecrime
Apple Mac Mini A1176 Desktop  Ma607lla september 2006
apple pickin yesterday 
PSA I finally caved and started paying for Apple Music. Youre welcome to everyone who hated me always using YouTube.
There arent many perks of dating a basic white girl but Apple cider donuts are most certainly one of them
Apple Mac Mini Server late 2012  Intel Core I7 2.6ghz 16gb Ddr3 2tb Hdd
Apple needs to chill gimme my App Store damnit 
Never had it but could see a pear or apple syrup from tapping a tree in Europe Say syrups good
Apple Mac Mini A1347  Md387lla late 2012 2.5 Ghz I5 4gb 500gb
Apple  Apple Mac Mini M40a 1.66ghz2x51260gbcomboapbt A1114
Apple plans to invest in augmented reality following success of Pokmon Go
My phone turns off and doesnt do anything all apps freeze and crash my pictures are out of order the message thing gets stuck on my
lustliving Lets get you over to our Apple Store to help answer availablity questions. View contact info here
Sarahs Choice book 1 in the series get it at APPLE asmsg spub ian1 iartg scifi
I was thinking that it would be Apple .
As you said in Charlottesville and I have quoted numerous times  Racism is as American as apple pie
apple needs to make fuck in all of its forms a word so spell check can duck off
So... JuliusPeppers stayed in the locker room CarolinaPanthers dead to me shameful 1 rotten apple ....
Waiting On That Iphone X  Apple Watch 3
im gonna. sneak some apple juice later anyway im going to sleep and ill wake up later to do hw
WIRED Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy stud
Thats 1 B.S. 2 Makes you not American. Football as American as mother and apple pie. Go back to Russia racist troll.
Bitcoin to Surpass Apple Daily Trading Volume  Jens Nordvig
Todays beauty  apple and pumpkin picking bartonorchard . 
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
Apple Cinnamon Baked Oatmeal
I cant wait to go to the apple orchard and pumpkin patch next weekend since itll actually be cool
Apple caramel chocolate mouse 
Red Delicious Apple 
Went to the apple festival and then walmart.Had a great weekend with the family now time to go home.
Nothing better than a new Apple product 
How Silicon Valley Reacts to Apple s iPhone X Apple iPhoneX
Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy study shows
Jail Jared. Apple doesnt fall far from tree. Hows Puerto Rico
New post Bitcoin to Surpass Apple Daily Trading Volume  Jens Nordvig
The Beatles Coffee Mug 2006 Apple Corp
Its enough blame to go around thats for sure but if i had to list them in order Apple is at the top of the list.
His thoughts have dropped like his Adams apple .
Okay but why are the no apples a the FUCKING APPLE STORE WTFFFFFFFFF
Please RT iphone ipad mac Gorgeous Renders Imagine Apple AirPods in HighGloss Jet Black PICS
Thanks for fixing my phone Apple ...
Xcode 9 is terrible so far. Why Apple  WHY
True but with different countries and different standards it seems unlikely that SCOTUS will want the first bite at this revised apple .
AppleSupport Apple why Im not able to change my security question though i cannot remember any of them
Did it delete your stuff too
Folks are judging an apple for not looking like an orange.
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple now lets you rent movies from iTunes for 48 hours in the US
Apple now lets you rent movies from iTunes for 48 hours in the US
Anybody that want a job at Apple there key word there looking for is fanboy. Its some gay illuminati shit so justtrustmeput thaton theapp
7 Spigen iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protector Tempered Glass  2 Pack  Case Friendly for Apple 
Time to invest in a Apple Watch
Thank you to our friends at All Seasons Apple Orchard for the delicious apples and DONUTS donated to the MCSO Fall AppleOrchard 
Lets put to rest any doubt Apple cant innovate  Computerworld Brainerd
Damn i crushed apple bees high af
That was really good  but yes the apple initially steals the show
I knew Apple was the Feds when it suggested what I should reply back
changyoon i have a pen changyoon i have an apple hyojin and i have 0 tolerance if you dont shut the fuck up
Apple Music takes up a shit load of space
I have just set up for the free trial and I got it working on my Apple TV and apps like Hulu work but Netflix is still the UK 1 Unlocator
2 types of love stories kind of. Apple Holler
Its super user friendly is my opinion on it lol I cant navigate Apple music for shit. And I have better luck finding lesser known bands.
I just ordered 4 Apple Watch bands on amazon... and I wonder where my money flies to
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
Dont wait for the Apple Watch to dole out medical advice anytime soon
That apple stuck to the tree.
Decoding Apple iPhone Xs Face ID AI MachineLearning DeepLearning ML DL Digital Apple tech
dovecotpushnotify  Apple Mail iOS Push support for Dovecot
I wanna go back to flip phones
These new apple updates are always screwing me up
The Samsung Galaxy X Could Be The Next Direct Rival to Apple s iPhone X
ThanksJews RoshHashanah The Eternal Innocent Victims  NO APPLE FOR YOU
Hahaha sure. Basically Apple product is yes a winner. But they dont come in lower price. Therefore Samsung win my heart.
Apple iPhone 5s 32GB Space Gray  Verizon Wireless
The Samsung Galaxy X Could Be The Next Direct Rival to Apple s iPhone X
How One of Apple s Key Privacy Safeguards Falls Short
Check out  Apple deal from O2  iPhone 6 16GB Space Grey Perfectly Fine Like New. Almost Perfect phones ...
hey Apple  how about taking some time and work on improving iTunes cause it sucks
Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy study shows
Sour Cola Green Apple or Watermelon Take 15 OFF Candy Club now
Apple Watch
This is how much stuff you have to buy to fully enjoy wireless charging experience by Apple 
Colonial dishes a draw at East Setauket apple festival
I liked a YouTube video
just woke up from my 4 hour nap to my Apple Watch nudging me telling me to get up and move to reach my goal 
Actually I retract Why do they keep making replicants look MORE like us Why did Apple take the headphone jack out of the iPhone
Lets get you over to our Apple Store to help answer availablity questions. View contact info here
Apple iPad Pro Latest Model with WiFi  64GB 550 view post at
People who have apple watches are they worth it AppleWatch AppleWatchSeries3
So Aiden had Camila as her home screen for a while while I was faithful and had a basic apple home screen
Sooo my phone has been randomly restarting since I installed iOS 11 Apple we gonna fix that next update or... 
AppleSupport So the big innovation this year for Apple is face tracking 3d emoji. Worth a thousand bucks there I would say.
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Is IOS 11 worth the download or shall I wait IOS11 Apple Iphone
Apple Mail suddenly wants my Gmail password which I supply only to have Mail do this 
Chad from Lambda Omega Beta Apple Banana gonna think this is him and cancel the Spring Break plans he made with his frat bros 203K 472K
You can get also get a pen for iPhone. Nothing can beat apple  period.
The Samsung Galaxy X Could Be The Next Direct Rival to Apple s iPhone X
not sure i use apple music
Apple TV 4K HDR unboxing iMore 
Really Apple butter is sooo yummy
HODINKEE  Business News  Forget the Swiss Its Fossil That Apple Is Threatening
Def need an Apple Watch now
Steve Jobs Eerily Warned Against What Apple Seems To Be Doing Now
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
New Sealed Apple MacBook Air 13.3 Laptop i5 8GB 256GB MQD42LLA 2017 Newest Ver
Gargling apple cider vinegar
Book Art Apple  3D apple  Personalized Apple  Red Apple  Green Apple 
The new Apple Watch finally freed me from my phone  CNBC
I even got Apple music on here facts
First time making an apple pie what do you think GordanRamsey 
I spent 10 minutes working out with Apple Health. 82 calories burned. LoseIt
Im interested in buying old apple products. no Im not jumping ship. In my line of work it pays to know your OSes.
Ad apple mail to outlook 
Apple and Pumpkin picking with some homemade caramel fallishere 
Samsung 512MB 2RX16 PC2 5300S 555 12 A3 Laptop Memory DDR2 Ram for 8.00 on
She saw my step dad name on a females friends list on fb... threw the apple computer a chair and a hammer at his ass
The best hidden features in iOS 11 Apple s major software update for iPhone and iPad
Android or Apple  Who should you develop for first
Refreshing apple  Drinking a Crisp Apple by Okanagan Cider Company Fincham and Wootten Way 
Golden Delicous. Soft flesh sweet taste best apple 
Its true when dey say galaxy get everything before Apple My galaxy came wit face recognition
Enter The Apple Watch Series 1 Giveaway
Apple scented candles
I tried it at the Apple Store and it was downloading then like after half way it said I didnt have enough storage
The original plan was the zoo and an apple festival....but our oldest decided he wanted to go to the aquarium. So we made it an adventure.
Why Apple Needs Samsung
I am educationally qualified to do nothing. I admit I do it well
Apple A1533 Unlocked iPhone 5S Smart Phone 16 GB Gold
Apple s differential privacy technique is trending more towards data mining and less toward privacy study shows
Really want an Apple Watch so I can look as boujee as I feel
Embracing fall even though its been 90 all weekend. Baked an apple and a pumpkin pie.
http hornytube.streamapplejimenez dukitgirl   Apple Jimenez The Dukit Girl pinay scandal sex filipina sexscandal nude
If I could buy an Apple Watch 3 with my travel rewards I would probably buy it.
inagarten Apple Pie Bars not sure whats better the buttery crust or the spiced apple 
Apple How I feel about my iPhone 7 Plus after the iOS 11 update 
time. Apple
Why would anyone give up ass bacon
The only thing done was install ios11 and set the balance to be louder in left to hear it barely.
att are you going to let me add my Apple watch to my unlimited plan or am I going to have to return it
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Google Pays 3 Billion To Keep Apple  AAPL Relationship
my book
The Samsung Galaxy X Could Be The Next Direct Rival to Apple s iPhone X
Did you know Hendersonville NC is one of the top 10 apple producing regions in the country Perfect for a fall weekend getaway
Apple now gives you 48 hours to watch a rented movie after starting it
They got a whole apple tablet
Somebody has an Apple Watch I see
Forget apple man my screen randomly pops out of my iwatch and they want me to give them 200 bucks to fix it r u fucking crazyAppleSupport
Apple s Latest Products Get Rare MixedBag Reviews  Despite the strength of its brand Apple Inc. occasionally...
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Trying to show me his new Apple Watch and literally all he said was bitch and talktotext took it this far 
8 things to love about iPhone 8  Apple
Prueba Earthquake para iPhone iPad y Apple Watch. Disponible gratis en el App Store
.Crown Apple  Cran Apple this shit
I have an Apple gift card. Not enough to make an impact on a laptop purchase but enough to make an impact on a watch purchase.
Apple TV 4K Review 13 Reasons You Should Buy One
Back to iOS 10 Apple was pushing me to buy the new iPhone by making my iP6 slow and buggy. It was perfect before iOS11 applefail
8 things to love about iPhone 8  Apple
Basically I have to start the app in HDR to see what is available in HDR. Apple AppleSupport needs to have a native auto switch mode
apple spice muffins
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
I was eating an apple and dustinjus12 asked me for a sniff of it
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
The Samsung Galaxy X Could Be The Next Direct Rival to Apple s iPhone X
Ready for some light thesisreading after a weekend of apple picking and play momlife proflife 
Ben Greenfield Fitness Diet Fat Loss and Performance by Integrity Network on Apple Podcasts
Seven Awesome Benefits Of Apple Cider Vinegar
It is according to Apple  but according to me its the fuck it emoji. Lmao
An apple a day keeps the doctors away. bot
Update apple muncher denies the wage gap exists. Go back to eating your obnoxious salad you misogynist
Apple I know you are making my phone slower so Ill buy the newest one. I hate to tell you that it aint happenin Ill be switching brands.
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Gold Refurbished on 4GEE Max 25GB 24 Month...
Just some guys being dudes at the ballpark in the Big Apple . Mets Citi Field
Apple iPad 4th Generation 16GB WiFi 9.7in  White for 165.00 with 29d 23h via eBay
RED APPLE BY AEDES STUDIO
Apple its taken us 5 hours of iTunes hell and we still cant transition my gfs iPhone 6 to the iPhone 8... Great software guys
whats yall Apple Music username 
Im an American and Im proud of the NFL players demonstrating their 1st amendment rights. Protesting is as American as apple pie .
1 If this is the future I imagine customers would prefer to tie this in with streaming services like Apple TV or Roku.
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
slinganswers Sling app logged out and trying to log back via Apple TV it allows me to enter my ID and pass but wont allow me to enter
really wish someone didnt steal my apple watch from me
VirginMoney Apple Pay
This Apple Cinnamon Spice Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting from AverieCooks is ohso falltastic
Find us on Apple Maps Okapi Wanderers Rugby FC
Still battery drains like hell. iOS11 iPhone6 Apple Apple
having apple juice for dinner at quarter to one hah shambolic
Apple MacBook Pro 13 Laptop 128GB 8GB RAM MPXQ2LLA June 2017 Space Gray
SNICKERDOODLE APPLE PIE BITES BAKERS13
I think I made a mistake switching back to Apple . Why do I do this everyyear  wont I ever learn that Im a androidfangirl
Well I call my ... Oh never mind.
Was this question meant for me or our resident invalid crooner in chief
one bad apple can spoil the whole bunch. Heard that in a song..
Ah I revel in the tears of apple users  upgraded to Android O and Im loving it no issues
sales of any specific album purchased on iTunes and gifted to another are not reported2Nielsen Music by Apple  nd thus do n count on charts
i really hope this is just a tiny apple fuckup but i think it may be intentional
Is it just me or has apple bluetooth just stopped balancing wireless headsets. My left earbud on these Marley is balanced louder but quiet
81 Reasons to use Apple Cider Vinegar Every Day  Hippocrates the father of medicine used this amazing elixir...
ios 11 is pure trash my screen keeps freezing since I uploaded it. FIX THIS BITCH OR YOU GONNA LOSE A CUSTOMER Apple
Im not even remotely surprised to see Apple failing so hard. Too bad their large cash reserves means they can basically fail for 10 years.
What do you mean you dont serve Redds Wicked Apple Ale here
Fake. Apple picking is so fall fall is so fun
iOS 11 completely messed up my 6s and I cant be anymore furious about it Apple
Cinnamon apple pie anyone 
The big question is why Apple chose to only support regular instead of fast wireless charging. Samsung has it since the S6 Edge. Rip off
BREAKING THE RIGHT DECLARES FOOTBALL UNAMERICAN APPLE PIE IS FEMINIST PROPAGANDA
Did our apple picking fast915ohh
why dont i listen to apple music playlists more
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Butternut squash garnet yam golden beet red onion apple and cashews over quinoa... with creme fraiche. 
I feel like if you combine 1617th century slavery with Apple making an iPod without a headphone jack youre on your way
Service Replacement Faceplate LCD Apple MacBook Air 13.3 A1369
Disabled bg app refresh notifications Siri search suggestions batt  location services  enabled reduced motion. iOS11 iPhone6 Apple
Apple s iOS 11 Helps iPads Catch Up With Ultrabooks Surface Tablets
IWASVERYBAD Itunes Apple Music Spotify Google Amazon AdultSwim
newt gringrich looks like a goddamn apple head doll
Its not my fault we have pixy stix and caramel apple peeps in the office. I cant be expected to control myself around all of these treats.
Its on NBC here in Indy... if your cable is tied to Uverse or DIRECTVService you are BLACKED OUT Even on Apple TV hatebothsides
Apple said they made Siri more helpful naturally I asked a relevant question And I was gifted with timeless wisdom thanksSiri 
Apple Pie Streusel Cake Recipe  25 Visa Gift Card Giveaway from In The Raw  HilLesha
Apple  IBM Google Promote Thinking. Spatial Shift  RethinkingNext is in good company.
Wonder how Apple found 10 reasons to disclose their supply delivery policy to Buzzfeed assholes
Apple News on Twitter
to Apple for my battery life
apple music  will be on it
Antifa say antifascism is as American as apple pie. 
My American football team the Green Apple Puckers against all odds came back against the team with a player...
Apple iPad Air 2 Case CoverHuLorry 360 Degree Rotating Stand Case Folio Case Creative Drop Protection Rugged
As soon as I get off work tomorrow and get my Apple Watch lte model gonna go for a 5 mile run without my phone and test the lte connection
Warning New iPhone scam tries to steal your Apple login
AmazonBasics Apple Certified 30Pin to USB Cable for Apple iPhone 4 iPod and iPad 3rd
Apple Watch Band 38mm Milanese Loop Mesh Smooth Stainless Steel Strap Freely Fully
Apple Watch Band Milanese Loop Stainless Steel Replacement Iwatch Band for Apple Watch
Apple unveils iPhone X with edgetoedge display at 999 for base variant
Apple s iOS 11 Helps iPads Catch Up With Ultrabooks Surface Tablets
 FLOCKIN SZN  JUICESTGMB24 Drops Next Month On Apple Music ITunes Spotify  All That Other Good Shit  
Apple iPad Air 2 Case CoverHuLorry 360 Degree Rotating Stand Case Folio Case Creative Drop Protection Rugged
humor Calm down Apple  Im busy... via rpokemongo
Apple is failing at making mobile phones. Nothing is new or interesting with the iPhone 8 and 8 The new X model is 1099 12
The Apple Watch Made Me Do Zumba with My Girlfriend and Other Stories cc JadeReginaJones 
Annual Fall apple orchard trip to snowlineorchard for ciderdonuts yumm Snowline Orchard
OMG would you entertain buying Firmino this week
iOS 11.1 apple will accelerate the wireless charging of the new iPhone As it became known in subsequent updates...
Previously on ABMe Blog Apple Smiles  Recipe
iOS 11.1 apple to accelerate wireless charging of the new iPhone
It feels so good to eat a pearpeachor apple without the fear of breaking a bracket lol
Okay Apple where the fuck did my screenshot go ios11update
I veganized Duncan Hines by adding a cup of Apple sauce instead of eggs. It came out really good recipe 
Many were probably pretty excited ahead of Apple s iPhone announcements but it seems that following the...
Apple picking time with the gang rileysfarms readyforfall 
Im actually quite disappointed right now... what is fall without apple picking and of course homemade donuts
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Need some incentive to make good choices at the market A study shows eating an apple 1st helps
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
I just had a honeycrisp apple for the first time in ages and Id forgotten that theyre THE BEST APPLE IN THE WORLD.
Im stuck with a lot of that. Exercise bike and eating low carb seems to help.
Keys to my heart apple pie apple pie and more apple pie
i see the manatee must be playing as those dumb normal zombies its tiresome being grinded as an apple
y am I snacking on celery instead of an apple crisp
Dont be Foold Hales hes going with Chet matt Bryant Tyler Austin Brady Jason.. the Whole Thatta Alpha Metta Apple Pie
Apple has generated more wealth for shareholders than any other of the top 50 companies which account for 40 percent of stock market wealt
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
thats not apple sauce. I specifically requested apple sauce
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
Testing the Apple Watch Series 3
Apples on apples on apples. Weve been craving these Apple Crisp Caramel Baked Apples all day See recipe
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev designer jewelry Apple 
New iPhones cost from 229 to 799 with a twoyear contract
Depends on the ecosystem you like. Im always sticking with Apple .
got the iphone 8 and its so pretty but seriously glass on BOTH SIDES Apple  wyd baby
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
App News Rewind Apple Watch Series 3 Launches New iPhones Too 
Apple s Car Project Could Be A 50 Billion Opportunity In The U.S. Says Analyst
Should I get the new Apple Watch with cellular or the regular new Apple Watch
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Me cause uh oh thots isnt on Apple Music 
Let me asked this again. Have you guys voted today on Mnet Countdown AAA Peeper Streamed on YouTube Spotify Apple Music Shazam
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
hey apple FUCK YOU
I can see the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Want apple crumble.
 My EFi partition only shows an apple folder on HS
 My EFI partition only shows an Apple folder on HS
Apple Music your move
Crown Apple x Dr. Pepper legendary
Apple iPad Pro 32GB WiFi 9.7in  Space Gray via eBay
Wish Undeniable was on Apple Music...
Apple iOS 11 is a big drain on the iPhone battery and nobody knows how to fix it
Apples for sale in Costco only 1.90 per apple  Get them before they run out 
Apple please
I just entered to win a 4 Pack of Tickets to the Big Apple Circus from chevytristate 
Dont be so sure.
Apple music coming out now
Huawei takes a swipe at Apple  promises to unveil The Real AI Phone next month.
Dont fuck up my evening pls Apple 
Fall Recipes 15 Delicious Apple Desserts  Style Motivation 
The forgotten Apple bottom
Lets see.... Still Apple only dangit.
I assume its another way to say jowl bacon
apple music
Because if there were too many the price would have to go down Apple are not silly
Yes This is what Apple Pie Football Patriotism Hotdogs and Freedom song is all about Thank you realDonaldTrump
Trying this rn. How does one know which is the legit retailer  Apple at Amazon
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB Silver at 39.99 on O2 4G Mobile Broadband Ref...
i just want to drink hot apple cider but its going to be 90 degrees tomorrow
okay everyone ill share my personal home made shot recipe 13 oj 13 sour apple schnapps 13 grenadine. its called a toxic love
Shoe Palace popup in former Apple Store on University. Chain started at the San Jose Flea Market 
Top story Apple Watch with LTE Fitbit Ionic Google leaks Moto X4 MobileTec
Same I was surprised... my nickname is Klutz and I call my Hubs Putz lol
Im going apple picking. Im not ashamed of that at all. Way better than
Hes to blame for the loss. Him and Eli Apple for starters.
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to arrive in India on Apple iPhones global
Whos giving up ass bacon
CNET UK podcast 528 Analysing Apple and Ubers London ban  CNET
Episodes are also available on Stitcher
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
Address the battery issue with iOS 11 Apple smh FIX IT
Jump to the  Apple  Aetna And What Corporate Wellness Could Mean For Them And For Every One Of Their Competitors if you dont have time.
Im educationally qualified to do almost anything. Currently in banking but also have strong medical background.
Apple cider is far greater than any of this pumpkin spice crap
Agreed pork Beneath . Apple saucealone occasional snack
wtf is this screenshot apple did ios11 so dirty
timcook what is going on Sort this out ASAP U say Apple is about making gr8 products but what happened 2 quality  proper QA reckless
senatorjohn Lets get you to the best place for help with your Apple TV. Please reach out to our phone team here
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Pink Lady Apple Blondies  Anna Can Do It
As Amurkkkan as apple pie. Make babies  abandon them and wthe money he makes. Change UR damn name disrespecting the real Joe Walsh.
STL This Week in Content Marketing Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
STL This Week in Content Marketing Advertising Groups Loathe Apple s New Browser Policy
The Best Investment Since 1926 Apple
Apple off that bs. My phone was JUST working
What to expect from Apple s iPhone event on September 12th
Stainless Steel Apple Watch Strap
Anthem Old Glory  the NFL  I uess theres a reason the saying is NOT As American as football  Apple Pie gg Boomers GenX Millennials 
Apple iPhone X  8 is the coolest next generation mobiles iPhone8AppQuiz
I like apple
Not a lot of cap and odell richburg and Pugh need new contracts I see DRC released which is gonna hurt Eli apple is trash
And I dont talk to men. Half u niggas is gay like the VP of Apple . Actually everyone on the top floor is gay even Apple Music.
Dont know if I want some GOURMET ICECREAM or APPLE MARTINI 
i need to go to Apple
3rd time my phone has crashed today. Apple is slackin..
Apple pie wine rt if you agree
IPTV New 4K Apple TV Fails To Deliver 4K
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
BuyHigh Quality Apple iPhone 5C LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer replacement part Assem Malaysia shop click here
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
This new apple update though....yasssssssssssss
Apple cider slushies are like crack just cant get enough
I HATE when Apple Music doesnt let you read the lyrics on a song
Apple yall wack as hell with iOS 11 you cant see who youre on FaceTime with on your lock screen wtf are you serious
The latest The sherirosen Daily
Apple s new iPhone 8 sports a slightly new design in which the back portion of the phone is now covered in glass...
Food industry destroyed food to sell organic. Apple made us addicted to iPhones to sell watches. Cant wait for FB antinarcissism app.
RT Forbes  Apple iOS 11 is a big drain on the iPhone battery and nobody knows how to fix it  
Just Pinned to Healthy Snacks High Protein Apple Pecan Bread
Finally deleting Spotify and Apple Music for TIDAL
Apple Music has proven to be a great service with its wide array of different music genres and appeals ENC2135KR
Im actually familiar with quite a few of those words. I know more Yiddish than I thought
APPLE BRING BACK THE HEADPHONE JACK. PLEASE.
Dam them if they go after apple too.
Im hungry but I dont want to pay for food unless its cheap. Like from an apple orchard  bbowling317
BONE APPLE TEA
I liked a YouTube video
The best hidden features in iOS 11 Apple s major software update for iPhone and iPad
Apple TV Finally Gets a 4K HDR Upgrade
Wow I lost my Apple Watch.. fml
Steve Jobs Eerily Warned Against What Apple Seems To Be Doing Now
RihannaDemos Im so confused... is this bitch slowly coming for Apple s neck or what
The worst part of having to reset my phone after iOS 11 is that it erased my morning walk from my Apple Watch
where do i find that emoji in my apple keyboard
. AppleSupport Why have all the notifications on my Apple Watch notifications Series 2 watchOS 4 started looking like this 
iDrop News is giving away an Apple HomePod in October enter to win now.
Order Apple EarPods off amazon.
I spent 38 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Apple fake as shit 
Norristolainen I have the rainbow band and a metal chain link band for the 42 mm apple watch if you want em. Obviously I cant use them
yeah typo fuck apple
Heres a link to the most recent post at
still doest mean that you can use your bank card by Paypal or apple pay 
I LOVE THE SCREEN RECORDING FEATURE YES TBANK YOH APPLE
Hey honey apple crisp Jonamac Orchard
Bro tell me why apple made a emoji about me
Apple iOS 11 is a big drain on the iPhone battery and nobody knows how to fix it
How to Uninstall Mac OS X Apps
To keep from falling behind check out my website and start earning your Apple Teacher badges ded318 appleteacher
Yes I never pay apple care. Far too expensive for only two years Think Nicki got a bit hung up on that last night.
Russ released those four songs on Apple Music just so you guys know
My Apple TV remote is broke and I cant connect to it to update my WiFi info
Shit probably did change I know I hated the products when Monster made them Apple in charge now
For customers that are experiencing issues with the Apple watch we are working to help resolve. DM us if you need assistance JasmineS
An apple a day will keep anyone away if you throw them hard enough Liv
TY Apple FOR GETTING RID OF THAT HORRENDOUS FACETIME RING
AskMarlena Do you have any regrets in the game Like giving your apple temptation advantage to Paul perhaps
Drafted Flowers and Apple in the first round 
Beautiful pic but Im ready for weather that calls for hot apple cider campfire smores and comfort foods.
Can Googles freshly hired HTC employees help them take down smartphone giants Samsung and Apple 
I havent even read the Apple article gonna check it out
Apple iOS 11 is a big drain on the iPhone battery and nobody knows how to fix it
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 7 256GB Gold Refurbished at 49.99 on 4GEE Max 15GB 24 ...
my whole entire house smells like pumpkins vanilla  apple cinnamon its really the little things
Makin Bacon...
AND APPLE ITUNE DIDNT EVEN COUNT FOR BB. Now we know better for next time.
Will there me any Apple Crown around
Apple will the next iphone be the iphone 11 or the iphone 9 am i the only one curious
3.1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510 5820974944 5923078164 0628620899 8628034825 3421170679 8214808651 32823066n apple
Caramel apple crisp cheesecake Full video up now on YouTube recipeoftheday falldesserts
A lil something in the vault...dropping on ITunes Apple Music Spotify iheartradio and Tidal very soon 
atpfm but had to buy the LTE to get enough storage. I felt keeping it at 8GB was cheap of Apple  not using LTE may help at resale though
Awe the Best dad ever The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree Brad Scarlett is the cutest ever You  Paige raised her right
finding Apple news
GOT AMISH CHEESE AND BANANA BREAD AND APPLE CIDER THIS WEEKEND
The reason ppl are obesed up here is cuz they selling apple pies 2 for 1
Lets get you to the best place for help with your Apple TV. Please reach out to our phone team here
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Places Club Mix Martin Solveig APPS Apple
Apple AppleMusic Found an iOS 11 glitch. When looking at music from the lock screen. It doesnt show the time for the music 
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
idevicerestore  tsschecker dont work but savethemblobs can save fresh blobs from apple and i successfully restored my ipad mini to...
oliviakayl my little apple picker  applejackorchard Apple Jack Orchards
SEALED BOX 32GB APPLE iPhone 6S PLUS GOLD VERIZON UNLOCKED 1 YR WARRANTY
I just liked  Apple Roll on Vimeo 
Weeks best Apple deals Save on iPhones MacBooks and accessories
Weeks best Apple deals Save on iPhones MacBooks and accessories
green apple ciroc
How Apple Will Stop Companies Abusing Facial Recognition on New iPhone X
Weeks best Apple deals Save on iPhones MacBooks and accessories
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Restoring a Georg Jensen Royal Navy Hand Made 93 Bent Apple
Fall Quote of the day  Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first September was crisp and golden as an apple .
The Ithaca Farmers Market is awesome and my favorite stand there is this one that sells Apple 
Demons  Pearls by psbartlett 2016 New Apple eBook Awards Historical Fiction Official Selection
Well done Apple  pulled off a magical moment when my watch decided to prompt me with photos of my two boys growing up 
Happy sweet n sour breakfast. Pickled peacerecipe by NigelSlater   mascarpone toast. MonCreTokyo s Bramley apple crumble pie. Thx both 
Im so jelaous of everyone who got to go apple picking
I need a vid Bruh
Apple Music for Android Gets Recently Played Widget Social Profiles and More
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Mom I wish I had a chip inside my arm that told me when I got texts Me its called an apple watch
Apple Watch3
I thought Apple s FilesApp would be great. Wrong. I prefer Readdle DocumentsApp instead. iPadPro iPhone
Amish Apple Fritter Recipe
THE SCREEN RECORDING ON IOS11 IS THE COOLEST THING APPLE HAS EVER MADE. OH MY GOSH
In addition to apple picking and eating delicious ice cream I also picked up a new piece for above our mantel mowed the lawn and ran
Why do people compare Apple and oranges You couldnt ask a set to stand for the anthem either. No lawyer would allow that on a set
Apple Thanks for pushing out and update that make my phone practically unusable...
Apple Watch with LTE Fitbit Ionic Google leaks Moto X4 MobileTechRoundup 407 
I would have waited for Apple to offer 32GB
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB Silver at 9.99 on O2 4G Mobile Broadband Refr...
Congrats to Apple for finishing the 10 gen legacy challenge You da real MVP
Eat the apple Phecdia
Country music is as American as apple pie. Its a shame she did that. I didnt think she was that good on the voice
I may regret asking but I couldnt find it in this painfully and comically degressive thread....WTF are you educationally qualified to do
One time I rented a house built on a former orchard. Amazing granny smith apple trees. Soil w lead like ScottPruittOK s heart.
E too cost. Plus I was on the Apple Store site and it wasnt making sense.
Did Apple Just Corner the Smartphone Market in Augmented Reality 
The ONLY good improvement in iOS 11 is Apple Maps.
Does Trump really think he can shame the NFL Thats like taking on mom and apple pie. This things will be around well after Trump is gone
Does anybody remember red apple 
In need of ways to make smarter picks at the market Studies showed eating an apple 1st works
hey apple your built in shortcut just made me seem suspiciously enthusiastic to be On my way to my uncles funeral
Apple Watch Series 2 Sport Silicone Band Shockproof Case Cover 42mm Black Gray  eBay
Spent the day baking fresh apple pies  apple pie bars for family friends  clients Happy
Look At Me Video Out Now Link in my bio. Song Out Now on ITunes And Apple Music As
This will be the most hi tech expensive screen Apple s ever used for one of their phones
Hmm. Seems appropriate. Sips a cup of apple juice Anything else Did you two talk about something
929 Applesauce day Please have your child bring in 1 apple on Thursday
Ray the question was intended to tease out to what extent Apple will help the user understand whats going on with the system.
Hello iPhone 8 Apple Millenia
Its all in the wrist. Get the Apple Watch Series 3 available today. WorksForMe
Can you get an employee discount on top of the military discount at Apple 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Thanksgiving Pies for PreOrder Weve got your Pecan your Classic Pumpkin your Caramel Apple 
. racism was here before apple pie AMDG
Eating an apple would be better. Hehe
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
damn I look good Retina display. eastersunday northgatepictures Apple
YouTubeTV when can we expect an Apple TV app Will definitely subscribe once that gets released.
yall.....all i did was buy her some apple os cause thats her favorite candy
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Just took a shot of apple cider vinegar. That was different.
Î¾AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
The Apple State of Affairs
An apple a day... polyvore teamapple artflashmob
Display Release on apple CAST
Lol you have to restore your phone bc its not recognizing you deleted stuff. Ive had to do it twice.
And most of these Just remember to say Oy When ya see Atwaters Putz 
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
iPhone 8 Apple s new phone has muted launch around the world as fans wait for X
so to the dude who just offered me 550 for my 8 month old iphone 7 plus 256gb with apple care and then blocked me after i told him no
How Silicon Valley Reacts to Apple s iPhone X
Got my REDDS Apple Ale getting cold in the freezer ...A Case That Is lol
Been wanting an Apple Watch for to long my momma the goat
Right lets call it becoming a grownup You know for me Yutakun is the apple of my eye Hes my precious babychan...... 
mrsbeckham01 Apple ID 68 for Rplay is locked can you Unlock it please
Hes no POTUS . Hes more of a COITUS. Nothing like POTUS44 or Merkel or JustinTrudeau or Macron or Apple CEO Cook. Sad  pathetic.
IMO music is broken on watchOS 4.0 missing cover art sync only on charger Waiting for proper Apple Music support in Oct apple applewatch
Lack of bacon makes ppl angry and violent.
U know I love Apple Pie
Apple s Night Shift feature is hidden in iOS 11  heres how to turn it on
Blueberry apple  cherry pumpkin and plum Call me for dinner Honey Ill be there Oh me oh my love that country pie..
PRICELIST ITUNES IOS ONLY NOT FOR ANDROID SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE 
Mashable  Apple Watch Series 3 offers a slew of...
All I want for Christmas is the new Apple Watch.
I have Shaw high speed but it is wireless. I also have Apple TV 4 Gen and a new Samsung 4kuhd. No problem watching game on Yahoo
Then he literally went on to tell me about how much he hates apples. Then dont come to the apple orchard....
Apple
She even took a selfie with me at the Apple Barn. Anyone who knows my grandmother knows of her insistence that she isnt photogenic.
apple store stat
Just finding that out. They always were. Remember the Apple juice outrage in the 80s from the stars
Think about more than just the phone you have tho...
And an apple a day keeps the Dr away....aint nobody got time for that.
Apple iPad 4 A1459 16GB WiFi with case and keyboard bundle
ÎÄeBayÎÄ Apple iPad mini 2 with Retina Display ME280CA 32GB WiFi Silver C 153.00 5 BidsEnd Date 04Oct
Appears so....how else could they STOMACH it
Someone work today came up to me n asked why we only sell apples and not tomatoes. Oh idk dude maybe its cause were an apple orchard
I was supposed to go Apple picking with my dad today and he cancelled.. AND my mom  brothers went to the lake without inviting me
Yep all the time but I have to say  Apple Pay or its blank stares. Weekend poll Do you use Android Pay
Marvin bad use of TOs just as American as apple pie or taking a kn... Ill stop right here
Apple Jacks should be a bit higher tho
Lemon drizzle cake lemon meringue pie apple sponge tarts and cheese and onion rolls
Apple would not even be on team if Reese hadnt allowed 2 teams to jump in front of them in the draft 2 yrs ago asleepatthewheel
The reviews are in for the iPhone 88Plus Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast 
Every apple bees or just yours 
Any idea if those cellular Apple Serie 3 watches will be released in Belgium Ive googled for it but couldnt really find something abt it
Apple iPhone 6  128GB  Silver ATT Smartphone
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone see description
Pumpkin apple has got to be my favorite fall scent followed by toasted marshmallow
The leftover cream cheese frosting on my apple slices says thats a fair assessment.
Apple iPhone 6  64GB  Gold Verizon Smartphone
Todays canning... apple butter and pineapple jam
HOT PLR  Your Complete Apple Cider Vinegar Biz In A Box MASSIVE BONUS INSIDE
Todays correct forecasts soccer football  Apple Android iOS calcio H96KOE B04HSV EspanyolDepor InterGenoa FiorentinaAtalanta 
Check out Apple MacBook Air 11.6 inch screen1.4GHz4GB128GB flash storage pristine
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Apple Picking outing yesterday Stay tuned for more fun events in the...
Apple iPad Mini 3 MGYK2LLA NEWEST VERSION 128GB WiFi Gold
Apple iPad mini 2 16GB WiFi 7.9in  Space Gray Good Bundle 981
PSA Stop Apple Watch from displaying music controls when listening to music or watching videos by toggling off Auto Launch Audio Apps in 
that is 100 my main reasoning behind getting apple music in the first place how could I forget
Youre the first person Ive found 2 say this I typed Jim Carrey in the search 2 see how many ppl where retweeting the fake Apple article
Apple iPad mini MD532LLA 32GB WiFi White
8. are you an apple or android person
Dont expect any help from google they dont bother to reply even they are not Apple .Ill never go for google or huawei again.
Next time Im home alone Im inviting someone over to make apple crisp and Im not gonna tell my mom
Thanks for the review. We dont have this tea any longer but one of our newest teas  Is it Autumn Yet  features apple  pear  spices
MY CINNAMON APPLE MY BABY MY BALL OF SUNSHINE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH IM SOBBING 
Let me just say...it couldnt hurt... ahem
Only person in the world who doesnt like sweet things cooked like apple pie or any kind of desert pies..
Steve Jobs Eerily Warned Against What Apple Seems To Be Doing Now
whole foods apple pie
My wife gets all the money I make. I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning.  Ray Romano
DJ Khaled makes up story about how his newest single shut down iTunes servers and how he gave Apple permission to use stronger servers.
Is that a chocolate zucchini loaf beside the beautiful apple pie
no alch just apple juice 
Just realized apple got rid of the headphone jack but now has a phone that doesnt need a cord to charge
Never heard of him. Two albums on Apple Music though. Thats tonights coding soundtrack sorted then
New on ebay APPLE IPHONE 7 32GB Matte Black 4G LTE Unlocked ships out fast
Apple iOS 11 is cool and all but as someone who goes to a tech school and uses her iPad in every class please bring split screen back
Apple . Do you even have to ask
That 3rd bite of the apple is really....something.
I told my dad if he ever wanted anointer computer to buy a mac book pro. Apple he might hes 64.
Album Review Yusuf  Cat Stevens  The Laughing Apple
realDonaldTrump wants to fire ESPN reporter called him white supremacist hell apple doesnt fall far from the racist tree. DJTSorrySOB RT
Unglazed rustic apple galette    alphafoodie foodie baking locavore instafood 
Goodbye summer hello apple season I think someone might need to bake a pie to match these nails this week 
Mom and apple pie in shock demotion.
if that bitch dont like snapple apple i dont want that bitch
Take your own adviceProtesting is as American as Apple PiePlayers just served you a big slicePeaceful protect should be encouraged UsVet
Had a friend over for a listening session Fional Apple  House of Waxwork Pearl Jam. NIN Gershwin Shakespears Sister Haim Radiohead
phone 9 AmazonBasics Apple Certified 30Pin to USB Cable for Apple iPhone 4 iPod and
Eli Apple is slimmed down version of Ereck Flowers trying to play CB. NYG
phone 6 Apple Watch Band 38mm Milanese Loop Mesh Smooth Stainless Steel Strap Freely
I know ya know chutzpah
The new Toy Story watch face for my Apple Watch makes me so happy
NowPlaying Zonnique  Shouldve Been on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Apple season has arrived Youre definitely going to want to keep these 10 Unique Apple Desserts for Fall handy
Focusrite announces iTrack Solo for the iPad
5 ScienceBacked Reasons to Go Apple Picking This Weekend
New post Wall Street pushed down by rate expectations North Korea Apple
Eli fucking Apple over Laremy Tunsil
The BEST Paleo Apple Recipes for Fall
Smoked prime rib apple cheddar Yorkshire pudding creamed spinach and a baked potato. Steakhouse dinner at home. 
y cant I listen to HNDRXX on Apple Music i need answers 
IOS 11 .. this update is horrible ... wifi keeps turning on Apple
Sooo . We went squash and apple picking today with my wife and friends and I met this cute
Im surprised there are no applewatch UI packs for AdobeXD on the Apple site
wait apple bought albums dont count so like if they did where would we bE
AnneBurrell made your Apple sausage sage bread stuffing into a waffle with cranberry and turkey for my wife she loved it. Thks. Yum
A little apple picking with the family
You had me at apple pie donut cobblanebakery Cobb Lane
So glad apple updated Siris voice in watchOS 4 
Heres your contrarian tech thought of the day Apple has changed the experience of listening to music once again. Watch  Airpods 
To the guy at the supermarket that just asked me about the HR Apple beanies. Hit me up I gave you the wrong info.
If you insist... 
Apple decided to channel PinkFloyd DarkSideOfTheMoon in there new IOS 11 update 
One Autumn Night In Rhine Falls is available on Amazon Apple s iBooks  iTunes Google Play Kobo  Smashwords.
A morning outing under the sun Hard Apple Cider pollo frito oxtails  rice from La Concha. How did I wake up from that nap
Apple Watch 120 obo come get it
stg i hate apple bruh
Eh... apple pie probably is.
As I said in 2015 the best parts of Apple Watch are the things Apple controls completely just like the iPod was.
Apple hates nontrackpad pointing devices so when they were forced to keep making one they made you stab it in the heart once a week.
Enjoy 0 interest on 24 months term on participating Apple products at iStudio stores with UnionBank Credit Card
What time does bambambam drop and is it gonna be on Apple music
apple was good until Steve Jobs died
Ordered the new Apple Watch...wont be here until November awesome
Todays prize. Apple cranberry pie 3 pounds 10 ounces. 
Cynics gripe about Apple pricing innovation etc but they still have one big fan  Gene Simmons. TheStreet 
Get U signature design with LookRev design VirtualDecor Apple 
Well Im already unattractive so that levels the playing field
Android or Apple  Who should you develop for first
Why is Apple Music to sync all of my songs for offline use is eclipsed by so many other apps at this point idk
Danielle are those crab apples or is that just a really old apple tree Me those are acorns.....
um its 1000 times uglier than Apple Music sis
Back up your phone before updating. Apple 101.
Needed some work on my MacBook pro and iPhone 7 so went to Apple store Chatswood. The service was outstanding reminded me why I love Apple
Gostei de um vdeo YouTube
Caramel Apple Crisp Cheesecake recipeoftheday
Still waiting for Apple to make group FaceTime
iPhone 8 Apple s new phone has muted launch around the world as fans wait for X  The Sydney
The tiny secret in Apple s new App Store and why it matters  Mashable
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
me i can still put frosting on an apple amanda I HATE YOU
iPhone 8 iOS 11 watchOS 4 tvOS 11 and other top stories this week on iDB
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
Apple iOS 11 Starts Causing Problems
I liked a YouTube video
apple you gonna delete all my pictures just Bc I dont have any storage  THE AUDACITY.
Apple Inc to discuss 3bn stake in Bain chip bid
Pomegranate Juice Recipe Apple Cider Vinegar Drink
One of my favorite things for fall has to be apple cider. I got very excited when I saw it in the supermarket
Hey apple  good call on the website you have open on your iPhone display. Always forward
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Pautips KCAColombia
be the apple to my fork
I liked a YouTube video
Veal sweetbreads glazed in apple syrup with shaved cauliflower and sesame Elske
Hot New Releases Watch Bands for Woman 5 Apple Watch Strap 42mm iStrap Genuine Leather Replacemnt Band Bl
Not at all. The only person on D that should be blamed is Apple .
Who tryna cop a generation 2 Apple Watch Nike edition off me
Honestly I have never gone on my Apple Music app since I had my phone....I only use SoundCloud
After baking everything Boneless Pork chops w apple  onion bacon thyme sea salt and pepper
are there any female idols with the apple hairstyle or
iIovjin We want you to be able to enjoy Apple Music too Reach out to our iTunes billing support team at
eat his asshole like an apple fritter
Oh girl Made this yummy  Apple Casserole tonight Probably the best thing Ive made thanks ErinElyse1130
I guess I need to learn some more Yiddish.
LAPTOP GOLF 8 apple walmart  FRUIT TOKYO 8 FRUIT USA bestbuy  korean fruit USA  queen drip EGG HULU   COFFEE NUT TOKYO  ROPE NUT
If its better than the Samsung I might take your word for it tbh. Hate being involved with Apple tbh besides the Mac
Dinner Candy Apple and 211. whyicantloseweight
Fucking great man you always have me giggling
Dont waste your money on apple products period
Kass is PISSED
Got to get around more than that.
Apple Juice is the best juice on earth  Sprite is the best pop on earth dont me
I got up to have ice cream as my midnight snack..but idk why TF i ended up with a glass of water  an apple in my hands
fingerprint recognition on my new iphone 7 stops working the week apple announces the new gen...
Its all the little details in iOS 11 and macOS 10.13 that are driving me away from Apple .
well this was a massive apple icloud hack that leak alot of celebrity nudes ....hundreds of photos ...
Apple iPad Pro 10.5 64GB WiFi Tablet for 550  free shipping
Apple Fritters Recipe
A5 i like pumpkin pie. Always have. I tried to start eating pumpkin as a hand fruit the way u eat an apple . Didnt catch on familyfoodie
Can we just stick with ass bacon
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Series 3 substitutes Series 2 and thats Series 1 is still for everyone. This isnt rocket science. Weve been at Peak Apple  for 10 years
I go the other side of it. All of the caramel apple things
AppleSupport Apple Let us Password Protect photos and messages And have password protected Hidden Albums in photos
Another iPhone charger what has stopped working Apple should upgrade there crap chargers other than the phones
Kohls when will the Apple AirPods be back in stock
Omggggggggg can apple go fuck themselves with there kuniiiii updates
timcook Apple I really like do not disturb while driving option. How about similar option for workouts AppleWatch3 Apple fitness
Kasper Maison Macbook Air 11 Inch Italian Leather Sleeve  Laptop Case Cover for Apple Mac Air USACA  U.K.
Ios 11 proses.  APPLE FIX PALU Specialist khusus Apple produk Instagram benkbenkVayo 
this album cover on apple music got me choking cos gummy n lena park look like queens n then theres jaehwan 
Just saw an ad where TDBankUS will give you 2500 to blow at Apple  but the catch is you gotta deposit a million dollars
Apple Valley Inn  Hotels In Apple Valley California
TvOS and Mac versions of Cubiques 2 were approved by Apple today  waiting for the iOS one now.
Before iPhone And Macs These Apple Products Failed To Take Off
Can you say Apple overdose 
.....thanks to costly mistakes by Apple .
Would have been nice to have had one with me 
Top story Apple finally ditches Bing embraces Google for Siri search
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Fall Dessert Recipe Caramel Apple Cupcakes
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
How do u have an app and apple doesnt Im MAD
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
About to drink apple cider vinegar. Pray I dont throw up everywhere
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
EE youre tracking site for my Apple Watch order is telling me I have to keep trying my order ref and just keeps saying try again
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
HMMMM APPLE PEN
Apple now the biggest watchmaker in the world asymco
Theyre already in homebrew by the looks of things from the Apple opensource pages. I guess theyre old and out of fashion still. A pain.
Post Malone sets Apple Music streaming record with song Rockstar
Dont know but I got the iphone 8 because my iphone 6 was dying. If they released the X first I prolly would have gotten it
Amazon cuts prices of 4K movies and shows days after the Apple TV 4K launches Whether you
Apple s so good at marketing  positioning. They called it a watch from day one. Not smartwatch. Now compared to Rolex......not Fitbit.
APPLE S tax transfer pricing strategies under strict scrutiny  Whistleblower Lawyer News
phone is WELL pissing me off crashing and being slow Apple SORT IT OUT
Top story SearchCap Google back on Apple  Bing search for business  Bing ads
I was just about to type that. But Im better suited to this yeah what he said  tug on my Apple cap and fold arms over chest
One Man Arrested and a Second Wanted for Apple Valley Assault with a Deadly Weapon
Apple s new Spaceship campus is looking epic lately
One Man Arrested and a Second Wanted for Apple Valley Assault with a Deadly Weapon
Caradelevingne 2003 2 Stephanie Meyer I dont know if were supposed to talk someone might get jealous she was talking to women in class
Hi Luke we are working with Apple to improve this. Still werent able to make it recognize it
Heres how you can get a free iPhone 8
Hell then spam a link that blames capitalism as not creating enough job openings for the degrees that people have communism solves it.
One Man Arrested and a Second Wanted for Apple Valley Assault with a Deadly Weapon
Top story Apple finally ditches Bing embraces Google for Siri search
This 1 New Feature on iOS 11 Could Save Your Life
How to Fix 9 Common Problems Caused By iOS 11
Every time Apple  New phone My phone WHEEZE I havent updated software so thats not an excuse. They def do it on purpose. Smh Apple
First real day of not working and I got so bored I scrubbed all the tile floors and baked an apple pie
Announcing The Batavians new mobile app for iOS
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Bitch Ill be sharing my money with Apple because imma get that iPhone X 
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
DREAM BIG AND OFTEN  Apple  Android APPS Now Available
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Selling Apple iPhone X 64GB New Unlocked Space Gray 1099
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The one where Apple makes you buy a new phone.
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Any updates on when you guys are going to get Apple Watch 3 LTE activations sorted out Still cant use my new watch as intended.
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Because Apple said so. I mean fingerprint readers arent strictly needed either but theyre convenient and timesaving.
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Hold off until Apple fixes the cellular problems with it.
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Which one of yall got nice playlists on Apple Music Im trying to follow people.
The MacBook accessory Apple should have created
Apple s Siri ditches Bing search for Google  CNET
Apple s new Spaceship campus is looking epic lately
Saw an apple on the sidewalk today. Im okay but Im worried about Fat Kyles continued safety.
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao Case for Apple iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 Plus... by Yoobao.
Kasper Maison Macbook Air 11 Inch Italian Leather Sleeve  Laptop Case Cover for Apple Mac Air USACA  U.K.
Google goes after Apple with its new augmented reality platform
Ive always liked both sides Samsung Apple . Prefer Apple but this time I might stick with Samsung for a while
Your Favorite Stars Return to TV  Apple Fall TV
Went to the Apple Store to check out the iPhone 8 Plus and its camera. Beautiful photos beautiful subject. ShotOniPhone SammiOngaku 
Does anybody have the new Apple 4K tv
Apple and Fitbit join pilot program to speed new health tech through FDA  The Verge
theyre already selling sparkling apple cider at Costco its great
THE TRUTH ABOUT APPLE  IPHONE X  APPLE SUCKS NOW AND ITS YOUR FAULT
aeonmag How can I watch your videos on the Apple TV
i think apple just scammed me
Im currently loving this amazing apple candle. My latest currently post is up on my blog today candle applec 
Good job Apple
some dumbass spilled apple cider all over my fucking floorboards and neglected to tell me so now my car smells like a rotting asshole....
Lmao dude the apple auto correct is terrible...
Apple did a wonderful job of updating my phone to die twice as fast
Like for apple  Comment for android 
Apple TV 4K is listed on Amazon after settop boxs twoyear banishment Update
I may have drank too much apple juice at one point but having soup an hour after drinking said juice. Now I must be cautious of liquid farts
Me pays for Spotify pays for apple music only uses SoundCloud
Our friends TufanoEvents  will be at FCCWH s Apple Fest this weekend. Head down for the fun
Apple cares more about stupid email over phone freezing and having to do a hard reset.
Three times to go back. Two times and hold to fast forward. Three times and hold to rewind
REAL LIFE MINECRAFT GOLDEN APPLE
I like the apple cider beers. But full of carbs. Just plain ole beer... never acquired the taste.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple s iOS 11.0.1 update addresses Exchange email server issue
Jet Age album is on both my and Matts SoundCloud google play Apple Music itunes Tidal Spotify all that shit. Y U not listening rn 
CAREamel apple mom and dad
Apple says a fix is coming for iPhone 8 devices affected by intermittent incall static
Im talking about support for the cellular part not stocking the device. I can buy it from Apple .
The fact that Apple got rid of it headphone jack still pisses me off.
An apple a day. 
I definitely meant good spot  I blame Apple s autocorrect 
Amazon just announced a new Fire TV to compete with the new 4K Apple TV  heres how they compare AMZN AAPL  ... 
Slim Armor 7 Plus fits amazing on the 8 Plus EXCEPT the Apple logo doesnt lineup on the back. Disappointing but not horrible
Tbh I feel extra extra w my new Apple Watch but
 Apple MFI Certified iOS9 Compatible Omars 2 Pack 4ft  1.2m Lightning 8pin to USB SYNC Cable C phone
Amazon just announced a new Fire TV to compete with the new 4K Apple TV  heres how they compare AMZN AAPL
Apple Watch Band 42Mm Iwatch Strap Premium Vintage Genuine Leather New  eBay
Its a shame this feature only got one sentence in the six page Apple white paper. 
 Apple Store  Game of Thrones  FULL EP  YouAre  ChangFACup 2017928 0653 07 trndnl
jesus apple is REALLY pushing macbook updates
I firmly believe that the Satan who talked Eve into eating that apple is the same Satan thats talking these women into these MLM businesses
Shoutout to ChunLi for the cosign on these Apple AirPods these joints SLAP
Im at Big Apple Pizza in Cranford NJ
Apple Design Chief Jony Ive to Speak at TechFest 2017 in October
green apple ppop rocko
from Apple  pdf Face ID Security September 2017
First Time Apple Watch Owner... Here are my impressions of the Series 3 with LTE
Im not in the market for either but seems like the 4k Fire TV just kills the 4k Apple TV. Price isnt all that matters but man it helps.
A couple years ago Walmart had caramel apple lip balm couldnt find last year so had to go to eBay. Hope its back this year
Sun Chips Apple SlicesCookies HuddiesWorld
I pray for at least 2 hours and then update my iphone to whatever new IOS they are at iPhone Apple stillnevergonnagetaandriod
apple why isnt there a pregnant man emoji How dare you
Apple Design Chief Jony Ive to Speak at TechFest 2017 in October
We definitely dont want to lose anyone Lee but at this stage we just dont have any plans to stock the Apple Watch range of devices Nikki
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
One of the best hidden secrets in iOS 11 is the new document scanner
Any app that works with Apple s fingerprint sensor will work with the iPhone Xs Face ID technology
Lumentum Ignore Noise About iPhone X Delays Says MKM
zac got an apple watch and im VERY excited
I wanna thank apple for the screen record now I dont gotta ask people for a video on their snap
Apple s Tim Cook Cashes In
Apple Design Chief Jony Ive to Speak at TechFest 2017 in October
Apple revamps Privacy site to sell customers on benefits of tech like encryption  differential privacy
1997 just tell me what this is Its a mixture of a 78 year old  this medicine we created or Ihelped with Just tell me what that is
was haha through apple
the wave isnt showing up on spotify or apple music 
I can say I am a little upset with Apple at this point Tim
You forgot that theres still no headphone jack and the new improved outrageous price.
Please apple  Make it work not only as expected but as it ALWAYS HAS WORKED
Apple of my Eye
. Burberry Turns to Apple for AugmentedReality Fashion App Via BoF 
Dutch Apple Pie
My tape still need some plays. Yall go get dat on Spinrilla SoundCloud Apple Music or Spotify. 
Yes and Apple TV and Roku
Also Apple  that driver setting shouldnt be optional. Its weird that Ive tweeted at you twice today  sorry.
. samuelaxon Imagine you told all the same but instead Apple it was any other company...
My Apple ID is disabled. fuck
After updating to iso11 my phones battery became a brick .. wtf apple
I got 999 songs on my Apple Music. What should be my 1000th download
Private Stripper  Single by Nat Keza on Apple Music
Ill never defend Apple but you could just download a FM  AM radio from the App Store..
O no Im drunk on one strongbow apple cider
except if you EVER activate the Apple SIM on ATT which disables its ability to be used on other carriers
Caramel apple spice from Starbucks is crack
Congratulations to Editor of the Year esisogah for your RWANYC Golden Apple Award Its so well deserved. 
They released another update last night with bug fixes that have mine running much better.
Mmm yummy apple  
My cinnamon apple you know you did me wrong
also Chris Brown has a doccie on Apple Musicjust not sure if its free or u gotta pay
This is why I develop on Apple platforms first.
Would expect that Apple s facial recognition technology will freeze these type of identity investments for a bit
The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Amazon relists Apple TV after refusing to sell it since 2015
was finna get my sister a Apple Watch for Christmas but she disrespectful .
2 stars compared to your near 5 stars
Fix this Apple AppleSupport AppleMusic
I wanna Listen To Music But Who Knows My Dad Might Be Using His Spotify  Im On Computer Soo I cant listen to apple music on chromebook 
I want that green apple jelly
How does Face ID work Apple lets us know  Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Ep. 103
Blakes apple cider and donuts sooo damn good
luvkaaay whenever I decide to do the apple cider vinegar
Why you need Apple Cider vinegar
Is it only google play cards or can I get apple cards for global
I liked a YouTube video
WE APPRECIATE YOU  Get the Apple or Android APP
I think Apple would have to change their settings for that
NEITHER OF THESE ARE ON APPLE MUSIC
The only reason I have one is because my school system makes us all have apple lap tops iPads and I need to be able to interchange
an apple a day keeps the doctors away 
I think I just found my soulmate... And its a cake. A Caramel Apple Coffee Cake from LemonTreeCathy  that is
Im craving some of that Apple cinnamon butter with bread from Texas Longhorn
Location services... oh wait apple doesnt even allow that most basic feature. AppleSupport
O ok ill eat a apple 
Protective Case for Apple TV 4th Generation Siri Remote Controls FineGood 2 Pack Silicone Skidproof Cover of Prot
not as sweet as the green apple but i still cant fuck widdit.
Samsung waiting for Apple s OK on its Gear Fit 2 Pro iOS app
Apple watch band 42mMacTop Genuine Leather Apple iWatch 42mm Replacement band with Secure Metal Clasp Buckle for 
Apple pie was brought to the colonies by the British Dutch and Swedes during the 17th and 18th centuries.
Toshiba decides to sell chip business to SK Hynix group backed by Apple
I know no one cares but my favorite Fall drink is the Caramel Apple Spice from Starbucks its just hot apple juice but I stan her
New Apple Watch  series 3  
Apple why does the screenrecord audio bullshit all the time
Duct tape 2.79 Apple tape 2790000 
Im pissed lmao fuck you Apple
http IdentiMac.com just decoded a Serial for Early 2013 13 MacBookPro 2.6GHz from Belgium Apple Mac
Damien seemed distant quiet  searching. Lio seemed upbeat  cheerful while eating an apple .  the blonde was fighting with a guy. 2
Apple Investigating iPhone 8 Plus Splitting Open Reports
Kasper Maison Macbook Air 11 Inch Italian Leather Sleeve  Laptop Case Cover for Apple Mac Air USACA  U.K.
Congrats to Apple for iOS 11 finally reaching bug parity with Android.
ITS HOT APPLE CIDER SEASON YALL HAPPY OCTOBER 1
Apple Watch
Reese needs to answer for lack of o line help and shithead Eli Apple
Only one has true insurance for your fiat deposit. only one rewards u 5 each purchase in crypto. one has Apple and Visa members on team.
this made me want another apple watch
ohh apple buddy haha yeah better yung experience ng podcast sa apple 
me wants apple music just so i can listen to the it soundtrack without actually having to buy it because that would mean im In Too Deep
I have my Apple pie moonshine ready for this Colts game
i want collar x malice and bad apple wars so muchhh
Gleamapp is giving away an Apple HomePod and I want to win it. Help me out
apple taking away the pink iphone feels like a personal stab at me
Whats up with Twitter quitting Apple Watch
who tryn come apple picking with me
iPhone 7 Plus Case RANVOO Stylish Thin Hard Case with 3 Detachable Parts for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 5.5 phone
Havent had to with my Apple apps for more than 6 years now 
Apple is really bad at design
Miso sea bass apple pure curried cauliflower...for Fall reservecutnyc FALL2017 
I wanted a Switch or Apple Watch for my birthday. Family said ask for something cheaper. Guess Ill settle for XplodingUnicorn book.
did you update to iOS 11 they have a whole new setup on apple music. its more like spotify now. you have a profile  people can follow you
The flashlight feature in watchOS4 is awesome Especially when you are up in the middle of the night with a 3 week old. Apple applewatch
Crown apple Cran apple
OMG wowser. Apple is open sourcing all these OSes Whats their ulterior motive
adidas NMD Runner PK NYC Red Apple  SHOP
the amount of fiona apple mvs that involve her stuck in bed is Very resonant for me
I love them I make Apple cider donut holes that I got from my Rachel Ray magazine.
OCTOBER IS HERE Tis the season for pumpkin spice apple orchards pumpkin carving Halloween movies sweaters and scarves finally
Apple is trying to copy Samsung 
Eats his apple pie
MKBHD Apple  We need a cutting edge design. License plates everywhere I got you fam. 
Recipe for success . Quoting SteveJobs and BoSchembechler in the same sentence. UMich Ford Apple UMichFootball Hackett ceo
Apple Event Showcases New Machine Learning Technology
apple set me up and autoupdated my phone to ios 11 last night and my phone is legit not working now.
We woke up this morning and decided to go get Apple TV sure why not RandomBuys
bepeu you can literally lay in bed and eat a block of cheese like an apple and its not illegal 
About to go over my brothers and make apple cobbler with ice cream
Need apple butter in my life
Now I ask you is there anything better than a honeycrisp apple this time of year apples Autumn noms
just apple things
Drinking pumpkin beer listening to mayday parade and baking freshly picked apple cheesecake I literally cannot be more in love with fall
VerizonSupport I accidently marked my 4 months of Apple music as used instead of hitting the use now button help
Never again with apple .
Red LCD Screen  Touch Digitizer  Bezel Frame For Apple iPhone 6 4.7 Apple iPhone Repair eBay
Looking back at the SamsungMobileUS Then and Now  Anti  Apple  commercial from 2014 dobiggerthings note8 
We just need innovate leaders willing to upset the apple cart
I could show you countless examples of why this is not just a few people and their 1A rights at a less than appropriate time standing up for what they believe in. Unfortunate. Research on the football player that started this whole thing. Bad apple . Really research him. Bad
Apple playing I thought it come with the phone
apple watch series 2 42mm 300.00 via eBay
DoNOT hate Simoleons due to a bad apple  Keep the freedom EdmontonStrong peace edmontonAttacks united edmontonpolice staystrong
This place in New Paltz. Went apple picking
I wouldve thought if was number 3 if it was just Mac OS. But iOS definitely is Apple s major product so its not that.
If youve got an apple account logged in afaik you can restore it without updating using iCloud
apple one request professional dictionaries in keyboard medical especially
So itunes doesnt sync my phone anymore How UNhelpful is that When an upgrade is actually a downgrade. Thanks Apple fail
Who cares about the NFL goons its gotten old and boring Im rather liking my free Sundays got my wood cut went apple picking pies made
its probably the only liquor other than crown apple i can just drink straight fr
Apple iMac A1312 27 2010 Case Back Housing Stand Foot Accessories Cables
Went to buy Apple Watch for husband. Super frustrating to spend extra  bc standard straps dont fit large wrists. So annoying Apple 
I guess the author can do better with design  Apple should hire him.
Ok mlpApplejack I see you around Takes his apple pie and heads back inside
Apple opensourced the kernel of iOS and macOS for ARM processors
nothing  Apple snaked so I got him banned and everything back
Spot on 
ahh were opposites. apple is my favorite. i think i have abnormally small ear holes lol.
Battery drain with iOS 11. I only get 45 hours usage with my 7 plus. Apple thissucks batterydrain iOS11
What kinda of monster doesnt have vanilla ice cream with apple pie you ask My mother thats who
Wow cuz your the first person Ive met that doesnt like Apple juice
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Twitter Now Has Separate page on native Apple iOS11 App to clear web page storage and image storage MobileSecurity CyberSec InfoSec 
I spent 2 hours and 10 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port  The Verge
A better product is only one part of the equation. Apple has created experiences thats what sets it apart. Its not our generation.
New iPhone 8 Plus ad highlights new Portrait Lighting feature Apple is likely saving the
Apple picking fun 
Walcase Apple Watch Band 42mm  Fully Magnetic Closure Clasp Mesh Loop Milanese ... Read more at 
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Purchase LILDARRION Blame The Streets Album on iTunes  Apple Music
Apple AirPods White InEar Official Air Pods Wireless Genuine Airpod USED
Walcase Apple Watch Band 42mm  Fully Magnetic Closure Clasp Mesh Loop Milanese ... Read more at 
DonJr ur apple is rotten as the trey fell from. Please just stop. U really should take a good hard look in the mirror b4 trash tweeting
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
They really learn a lot from you. Youd think one of them would offer an apple  or something.
I woke up with 21 dollars in my bra and no Apple Watch Corina
colbadilla homemade apple pie baking applepie pie apple chef cheflife culinaryart 
New post  Apple investigates isolated reports of iPhone 8 bursting open ... has been published on iPhone 8 Talk 
Drinking an Apple Lantern by blakeshardcider 
airdrop between Apple devices has to be one of the best things ever
Had to make sure. I friggin love them. I make Apple cider donut holes from Rachel Ray Recipe that I got outta her magazine.
Apple iPhone 5s  16GB  Space Gray Unlocked Smartphone CE19
Used Good Condition Apple iPhone 5s 32GB Silvr VRZN Unlocked GSM A1533 Clean ESN
its october and all i want is a taffy apple
I love the sound Apple Pay makes when I authorize a payment. Its super satisfying
Check out this awesome DIY project Bicycle powered apple pulper for making cider via rDIY
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port
I want some hot apple cider
Their music sounded like old Apple commercials being used in a non ironic way.
Fall fun at the apple orchard for these three Breesphotography portagephotographer 
What the flip have Apple done to the Podcasts app
NaturesBakery aww wheres my last apple cinnamon box lol 
I made a homemade apple pie tonight Ive helped make them before but this was the first one
Apple investigates isolated reports of iPhone 8 bursting open
Today at apple fest I bought a small container of pesto for ten dollars only to drop it and have the container break
They never get too big for apple picking. 
Apple juice is disgusting to me
Theres no organization in Apple Music everything just clumped together whereas Spotify Tidal have separate categories for everything 
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Ready for the weekend Getting a new tattoo going to Cedar Point and going to the apple orchard.
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
Being able to control your Apple TV from your iPhone is pure fucking life Apple is the shit
My Mama Got My Apple Watch
apple picking
This nigga sleep with his mouth open I was really pour some apple cider vinegar in this mouth
Some families make apple sauce my family makes apple moonshine
Apple is charging 1k for 3gb of ram and a battery from 2013
i actually hate the apple type more i can only handle those for a few mins the only good ones are the expensive bose ones tbh 
Apple should just go ahead and sponsor me bruh 
hi i got a caramel apple spice and guess whos fucking sick like always
today woulda been a perfect apple picking day
What is the simplest game that Apple would allow on the app store
This weekend I made 7 more freezer meals apple crisp from scratch and meal prepped for this week. Im exhausted. But wont starve
Apple  Google  and how not to go 100 renewable
2 phones 1 week at this point I should really apply to the Apple Store
Monster mash trending on Apple Music Im switching back to droid
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Apple s iCloud storage upgrade prompts feels like Mr Monopoly walking around begging with hundred dollar bills spilling from his pockets
Turns out Apple Watch LTE cant be activated for business customers who bought from Apple . Well done.
Can gameplan to not ever have apple on Evans tho
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port  The Verge
Come on git get your seats it takes to air  winning
Apple sweetie Im so sorry that an ugly ass bitch like this would even do something like that oh my god
The BIG SKY comes to the BIG APPLE  Friday October 6th. Special guests in attendance IFC Center  Walking Out
ClikiaTM Video Streaming App Approved for Apple iTunes Store Market Wired Article 
Pac12 Week 5 power rankings Is the Apple Cup here yet
Giants got rid of Amukamara to get Bumass Apple in the Draft Sad
just some pics from apple hill 
YousefErakat Hi Yousef. Im gonna be straight honest here i want that apple watch. Ive been with you for around 3yrs now. god bless you
Anyone wanna go to the apple orchard with me
I thought I was the only one to notice this.
Youre in the right spot. Are you using an Apple certified cable to charge
I would like for Apple to make the next iPhone iPhone Pocket. It can push retro all it wants I just want it to not be so ginormous.
I handmade the crust on this crusty apple fella. And Im gonna eat it like a sneaky hobo pie
Apple TV 2nd Generation Digital HD Media Streamer A1378 with remote and power Price 15.50 ... MediaPlayer
Landon isnt so bad. But APPLE . BOY OH BOY.
Apple pie is nasty. Cheesecake is the best cake tho.
my grandmas apple cake recipe has Been Acquired
Apple News on Twitter
Thats the main reason I prefer Dutch apple over regular apple . Extra flavor and crunch
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Just Pinned to Recipes  Alcoholic Drinks Apple Pie Sangria 2 btls sweet white wine Moscato or Riesling 5 C app
McDonalds apple pies are overrated as hell
Thanks guys Ill check it out
Update on apple pear marketing from HortAu covering NetballAust sponsorship and the new AussieApples website
Here Lance. He tosses him an apple looking fruit and smiles. I found these at the shopping market they look and taste like apples.
Apple AppleSupport New update w a bunch of stuff but still no notifications by category. Who rly wants a jumbled mess of notis iOS11
Apple picking next weekend
Giants 10 v Bucs 162Q393rddwntimeoutGiantstipped passINC Apple missd INTlate gettg handsup4thdwnFGGiantOpassTEEngram
House Work Radio en Apple Music
Tonight my apple pie moonshine cocktail for the first day of October  to remember my special birthday girls night out ItsFallYall
Im selling my The body shop spiced apple body butter for Rp 50000
Tim wants apple crisp soo Im making apple crisp
Hey I do use a controller apple brain
Apple  wing and Darian Thompson post game photo op GiantsPride giants 
DAVIDA MODEL  MISTRESS OF AUGUSTUS SAINTGAUDENS by KIngallsAuthor New Apple Winner IAN RT
I never get a chance to go apple picking
For price of 1 Smart Board5000 Id get two 70LED TVs1 iPad Pro2 Apple TVs2 Chromecasts1 for each TV  this
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Indeed the iphone X is Apple s Zune ... I do see an X in that logo 
Will someone please bring me pie Maybe apple with some vanilla ice cream
Man and Wife  Wilkie Collins Book Canada Apple
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port
That boy Apple is BBQ PULLED PORK my God Lmaoo
Youre delusional what has Apple done except get PI calls and let up touchdowns
what are the chances of getting a Bandcamp app for Apple TV
apple  but in hell
I JUST REPLACED MY IPHONE BATTERY AND FIXED MY SCREEN THANKS TO YOUTUBE AND I ONLY SPENT 40 FUCK APPLE AND...
missjillscott is nasty.....But none the less shes the truth. Thats why I love her... And apple 
I liked a YouTube video
I wanna go to haunted houses and pumpkin picking and apple picking and all that fun shit
49ers NFL Thanks for supporting the truth that FreedomOfSpeech is as American as apple pie ... and football . 1stAmendment
Whatever happens dont touch that apple .
Caramel Apple Taquitos Just Pinned to Pairing with El Consuelo
Im late to the pun but Apple source
MiGente iTunes
Hopping off twitter one of my favorite drinks apple juice getting disrespected rn smh
Perfect mealprep school or office lunch  Sponsored apple  CanadianCheese quesadillas with dfcplc  Recipe here
Not yet Im baking my feelings into an apple crisp first.
NEW 2015 Apple iMac 27 5K RETINA 3.2GHz Quad i5 1TB Fusion 8GB Final Cut Pro
dear Apple make longer lasting chargerswires
Im Afraid Wallace is his fathers son each and every month he seems to be a bit farther left. Apple doesnt fall far from the tree.Im done
Apple iPhone 5c  16GB  Pink Verizon Smartphone
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
I need tongue I need face Give me brain concentrate Apple Phone Prada Case Kill a weave rock a lace ...
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
Aiyo RealGyptian tell dem to add hold you remix to Apple Music. Cc NICKIMINAJ
i need to go apple picking with someone
The screenshot send and delete on the new Apple iOS is .
fuck apple music lol
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Gold at 399.99 on 4GEE 5GB 24 Months contract
Oh yeah maybe we could get 2 more like Apple and Flowers
Seriously though. Youre new font offends my eyes Apple . appleupdate
Who selling a Apple Watch
Did he call in the picks for Flowers and Apple 
Eli Apple and Landon Collins have any interest in coverage this year
Apple s latest 34.95 iPhone dongle may be the definition of madness
Why I love apple C1055
But you just said... nevermind Ill have a couple of apple pies ah hello again princess mlpTwibot 
YESSSS  drink apple cider lol
I liked a YouTube video
Apple investigating reports iPhone 8 devices bursting open
This is his pattern. New job means new Apple hit piece.
I liked a YouTube video
apple sweetie I am so sorry
i seriously miss the days when i would get fucking pumped about apple sauce.
I want to go to the zoo and the apple orchard.
Apple Pancake Rings
No  trade mills and apple rn or last year and Mills is not going to play on the giants more than 30 of snaps  Apple would be yall 2 or
http Allivet.com is giving away the new Apple Watch. Please check them out now for a chance to win.
I just entered to win a 4 Pack of Tickets to the Big Apple Circus from chevytristate 
Youd think a big company like Apple could ship a laptop to you in quicker than 11 days
If this aint us chocolatecait CAREamel apple
To my fellow iPhone users  I caution you updating to IOS 11.0.1 My phone has been working like complete shit every since I did. Apple
demi really sent me a free month of apple music and i really cant use it thanks trump
Finally made it back first thing I did was download that aboogie album cause Apple Music was bugging in St Lucia
I really wish Apple would pour some effort into Genius training
All righty mlpHoofstorm  one Big and Extra Fancy Apple Pie comin up Thats ten bits please
THANK YOU I was so confused as to how all votes were apple juice
I got some mac and some gala apple cider donuts apple cider cake and cookies
I wanna suck on his Adams apple
An apple a day... healthyfood healthy apple fruits nature life share httpswww. instagram.compBZuXqSLAA2g 
Minor league coach. Awful GM. No OLine. Top 10 Flowers n Apple  Spoiled receiver. No LBers. The punter All in Elis final yrs Yeah no.
You missed one.
More Americans Work in Solar Power Than for Apple  Facebook and Google Combined
Age  Ape  Apple  Ate  Anne  Ace
Im with you Adam. Apple Pie can be delightful
Spotify poor mans Apple Music
Just did bruh Apple Music was getting hella buggy
Apple yall gonna improve this new iOS or Ima have to go back to my Motorola razr
I just think Apple succumbed to FBIs intimidation and they just dont want to tell everyone they gave in.
Chick wearing an Apple watch tried to bum a cig off me because she was broke. Well Fucking duh.
Eli Apple is a really terrible football player
Thank God for Apple care.
Sunday Dinner is served.. Apple Bees grilled chicken and shrimp
Hes food. RT ScottBarrettDFB  Eli Apple s last 4.25 games 34 targets 23 receptions 311 yards 6 TDs
I just wanna go apple picking
My cinnamon apple 
I thought mum was eating a nugget but its apple pie
Back with Apple Music 
Why aint there ever Apple Appreciation Week mlpTwibot  Ahm a taxpayer too
My loves apple picking 
whats your apple music
What kind of products would you people like to see us sell in the future And how much would you pay for it Amazon Apple android 
Boys of Summer by The Hyannis Sound on Apple Music
Is amazon killing Apple 
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port  The Verge
You know apple openly supports samesex marriage right
My phone acting up dam apple you gonna make me switch to android
NMDR1 PK NYC Red Apple  039200 size 7 2000
Mamidre HATES Apple  but I guess you guys already know that.
Oh boy. Never really got into Mac. Apple alienated me about 12 years ago lol.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
III Then today my mom and I go apple picking 
Kitaang interview sa mama sa robber bai. The apple does not fall far from the tree hahahaha
Apple picking and throwing rocks in a lake just with the people who care for you the most. Thats whats real and pure.
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
On Apple Music Spotify all that 
I liked a YouTube video
dear universal plz stop giving out free apple pies at the grill i am a fatass ok thank you xoxo
Apple Investigation Fun 
Apple Interested in Developing ARMBased Mac Processors and iPhone Modems in House
NEW Sealed Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Space Gray Aluminum Case Black Sport Band
Seriously Apple . Put the wifi back how it was.
Trend Alert  Apple . More trends at
Hed be in rotation just like Eli Apple ...
An apple a day youll die anyway
Apple is usually the one selling stuff for twice as much too
Larry Fitzgerald. How about them Apple Jacks
apple how do I turn Live Photos off forever
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Who the H doesnt like Apple Pie
Of course. Its American Football As apple pie as protesting. Hell we protested England remember to be here.
Put Apple on it. The other ones that provide phone services too. Cable too. Picking and choosing. Take one and slam it really hard
Guy actually drafted Flowers and Apple back to back first rounds. Do we need more proof
Chuckles Im here for one apple pie
I want you to have everything I didnt  do the things I never did and be happy everywhere you go baby girls first time apple picking 
Do you really want help Are you truly trying to change Are you converting to Apple 
Apple Ipad 32GB 3rd Gen WiFi 9 Casescharging stationOriginal box iPad book via eBay
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Launches Global Volunteer Program to Encourage Employees to Volunteer..
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple Opens East Coast AppleCare Warehouse to Speed Up Repair Times
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi 9.7in  White A1458 via eBay
Loving all this health information from my Apple Watch 
II In case you cant tell what that is apple  
incoming FaceTime call from brooke Cailyn apple pie or pumpkin pie
Has anyone else tried updating an ipad to iOS11 yet What the hell is Apple on about 2.5GB later my ipad is now useless. notgoodenough
Rut roh. Apple investigating reports of new iPhone 8 bursting open
How do you pay for a whole apple you ate in line
I been changing my Twitter name a lot lol but I was thinking about you too. I saw one of your tweets and was like cinnamon apple 
Green apple 
YouTube and Apple Music.
scenes from the salt spring island apple festival. Salt Spring Island
Millers Apple Hill Ltd.
AskPlayStation Why PlayStation 4 does not support Apple Airbods  And is it possible to do this with next updates 
Apple may develop its own line of ARM chips for use in MacBooks
The Yorkdale Apple Store Wouldnt Have Done Me Like This. They Would Have Given Me A New Phone On The Spot Smh
Seems to me that Giants are having trouble developing players. Flowers Apple  D. Thompson etc. all show same flaws as in college.
Apple Watch and EarPods 
kenfromthe330 please let me do this to apple
Tesla Apple and Uber Push Lithium Prices Even Higher
At this point in my life Im 84 apple sauce
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple of Woodnor Mews
For I have had too much Of apple pickingI am overtired Of the great harvest I myself desired.  Robert Frost
Maybe the New York Apple Pickin Giants is a more apt nickname.
Actually if Apple Music didnt put the dates on things I would have absolutely no frame of reference for some of this music lol
EscuchaEnCofiradio Shadowboxer de Fiona Apple
Apple Admits That Face ID May Be Fooled By Evil Twins  Little Kids
John Apple Jack is such a cute movie I loved it LOL
This is my fckin cinnamon apple
Happy birthday Yes apple juice.
Apple Orchard Trip  Exciting News
I love some good Apple Pie Ive had good and bad ones
i need more apple juice this is spicy
Apple IPhone 6 16GB64GB128GB Verizon Straight Talk Net10 Tracfone Page Plus Price 269.95 View ...
I havent even updated yet.....
How iOS11 will help iPad classrooms
Teams know apple has zero balltracking skills... He does 90 right then absolutely blows it... Loses man then ball
Brand New Apple TV 4K 64GB Digital HDR Media Streamer  Immediate Shipping 329.95 via eBay
 follow me on apple music
Thanks for being the cutest firework watching partner Apple 
100 satisfied w iPhone 8 purchase  camera and portrait mode are amazing iphone8 Apple 
Please RT travel traveller Recipe For Baked Mackerel With Fennel Apple And Cucumber Salad
Apple Is Quietly Designing and Building Its Own Silicon Empire
A lot better at his position than Apple is at corner
Apple picking pumpkins mulled cider changing leaves and crisp fall air...October has arrived
Hey Apple  Lets bring Face ID to Macs
U should make this available on apple podcasts for more exposurefriend didnt listen cuz had to download app
US Ambrosia apple harvest underway production up 20
Apple
Aboriginal EP Link in Bio On Spotify and Apple Music artist spinnup dj neuss 
I just lost all my pictures again  i fucking hate apple 
HEY YO Apple IT WOULD BE EFFIN TITS IF YOU COULD STOP MAKING OLDER IPHONES GO TO SHIT WHEN YOU RELEASE NEWER MODELS scam
THE BIG APPLE  Check out Time Square in New York City Fox35
i want to go to a pumpkin patch apple orchard mazes and all the fall festivities
Apple is now the worlds biggest watchmaker. Apple Watch has the key features of the 1st iPhone. Whats coming next
apple music is the best thing thats ever happened to me.. but certain shit isnt up there  it makes me so mad. like how 
I spent 1 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Not with Apple on the turf  Lol
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
To be clear These are Mac users who have given up on Apple . No one switches from Windows to Linux its all through Mac OS
thesoulasylum I still bump your Bae Dreaming playlist May I follow you on Apple Music
I dont like Apple ciders so Im really glad that they have different ones that are also yummy.
GLOBAL DISCO Now Playing Be Mine Ofenbach APPS Apple
Man At The Apple Store Told Me All I Had To Do Was Update My Phone  It Would Stop Overheating. He Was Wrong. If It Blows Up Im Suuuuing.
Ive never had apple donuts so they taste like Apple pie
Warm apple pie and vanilla ice cream
From orchard to oven... commanderinchic applepie itsfallyall apple pie apples cartermountain
Will someone take me apple picking on a hayride through a corn maze and carve pumpkins
Apple has done it oooo I can AirDrop photos and files from my laptop to my phone Like what
Yea I mean idk if Ill be able to get one but Im hoping so. I read that Apple wont be able to keep up with demand until mid 2018. That OLED panel will be worth it though. I usually have luck ordering through VZW instead of Apple .
Should Apple feel threatened by Amazons smart speaker show  CNET CNET Should Apple feel
.. well thats too bad. Your water isnt made out of bullets. pause...
I liked a YouTube video
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Pay makes life easier. Lets sort this out together. What happens when you try to add you card DM us with details here
Baby I want to go apple picking We have our whole lives to do that babe
Free Apple Watch GUI for AI by theprotosketch
With all these people cancelling and returning their Apple watches from verizon Im hoping Ill get mine sooner
And I needed a drink break my body was deep in it I could feel my heart I got myself some Apple Cider Vinegar water  salt. Quenching.
Eating apple crisp right out of the casserole dish no one can stop me the law is my bitch
Maybe if they used iPads we could have had the first touchdown and not needed this bullshit game to go on any longer Apple saves.
Also I would like to note that we officially had enough apple seeds to make a enough cyanide to kill a human 
checks Apple Cup prices on StubHub again
Pollyspiescafe mimiscafe CocosRestaurant LocalRestaurantsCulture Pie tasting  Winner is Pollyspiescafe  Apple Crisp SundayFunday 
thee apple doesnt fall far from thee tree pooh stayed with a niqqa with that sack
Mad because Target doesnt have Apple Pay and my bf has my debit card
Mufuckas with missing teeth brag about having a iPhone but cant afford a dentist u got a phone by apple but cant bite a real one
So Im bitchin about Apple to sophekanie bc they wont accept walkins. Phone got water damage. Then she says...
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
does apple music refuse to play like 10 songs in a row while on shuffle for anyone else
finally got my hands on one iphone8 Sadly I didnt get one . I was at apple to look around
iPhone X Vs iPhone 8 Plus Whats The Difference
Gain two more apple teacher badges for my iPad in Keynote and Pages apps. appleteacher ded318
im suing apple i literally typed you know when
Dear Apple  Stop fucking with my phone just because yall want me to upgrade
Protests as American as Apple Pie Donald Trump says Colin Kaepernick should leave the U.S. over NFL national...
After an afternoon of apple picking theres only so much energy left for dessert... And its awesome
Apple picking 
fun fact if you carbonate apple juice with just straight CO2 it becomes unbearably acidic I tried
My girlfriends mom made me an apple pie and brought to me at work.
knut can i buy a single onion gm i guess its like 50 copper knut i immediately eat the onion like its an apple . love the cronch
Apple butter oatmeal bread Springtown Pennsylvania
Replacement iPhone 6s 4.7 LCD Display Lens Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly OEM Apple iPhone6s eBay
Apple Spice the Pumpkin Cat
I dont see why your happy This is a serious matter
YES Roadbus trip Tweeting as someone who lived on an apple orchard during formative years and misses it so.
The defense has been awful. Period. Apple and Casillas have been brutal. JPP invisible. Bad VS run and big pass plays. whathappened 
Apple cider shits on apple juice. No question.
Fried pancake batter dipped caramel apple rings
Making apple pie while listening to DomRLRT 
I feel the need to say that I do enjoy Apple Pie but I know plenty of ppl that dont. As long as you can at least respect cheesecake fine
Apple OpenSources iOS kernels macOS and Developer Tools via rprivacy
October is Michigan Apple Month. Do you have a favorite place to get your Michigan Apples Check our website to...
Will the Gold Apple Watch Cost over 1000  via smrtwtchreviews ...
Pesoir2012 Watching Gilmore Girls  Blame Booze and Melville  s05e21 T 2005 TV14 on Apple TV 0 seconds in
Bruh Im getting a Apple Watch now.
930 ExUber CEO Names 2 Directors Universal Display Rides  Apple Effect to lead tech index return
Fuck Eli Apple  Fuck Landon Collins Fuck Ereck Flowers Fuck John Jerry Fuck Darian Thompson Fuck Brad Wing Fuck the NFL
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
Apple iPhone 5  16GB  White  Silver ATT Smartphone
Pesoir2012 Watched Gilmore Girls  How Many Kropogs to Cape Cod  s05e20 T 2005 TV14 on Apple TV for 43 minutes 100
Apple Inc. Reportedly Exploring a Shift Away From Intel Corp. Chips in the Mac newsfeedbackfool.com Ashraf
Apple Watch 2 Nike version iOS 4.0
If I do that Id either need an Apple TV or a chromecast. Is it worth it so far
I could use a glass of crown with a smash of apple juice
Adam ate apple and we all know what happened next
Take with a grain of salt Apple s drives home its product security advantage
Not true at all mills was our 1 corner and Apple was yall third corner
Plus it was an Apple Music exclusive
Kids get apple picking in Oak Glen parents get some solid brews at Hangar24Brewery . Everybody wins. . . craftbeer labeer sundayfunday 
Spent an idiot amount of time with apple scripts and then figuring if Iyenno never mind sighs
Currently having CreativMntality reviewed for release across Apple MusicItunes Spotify Dezzer and many more worldwide  Will keep you posted on its progress
KNOCKED LOOSE GOT A NEW APPLE MUSIC PHOTO AND LOOK WHOS WEARING A THE 1975 SHIRT 
Guess Im going to apple
Apple festival with my loves
Why are you glad about that That sucks
Spiked Spiced Apple Pear Cider  Dazzling Daily Deals
Baking all day long Made apple pie cookies carrot apple nut
knsjwjejs IM CRYIJNNGNGNF I LOVE UUUU GINA UR MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE
I see a market for this... Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port applestuff
iOS11 aint bad Apple
Eli apple also was targeted more and had significant more playing time than mills .
Apple cider donuts are too good
will i go apple picking by myself probably. OCTOBER IS HERE AND IM SO READY
Pretty jealous of all the couples going apple and pumpkin picking
Apple announced a ton of hardware at its annual September keynote event which meant it was a long keynote with ...
You was my CINNAMON APPLE 
Apple s new privacy page drives home its product security advantage
If you dont know anything about Samsung I dont wanna hear it Apple boy
Apple sweetie..
I hate that apple got these quick replies with the loved liked and haha shit THATS NOT A REPLY
Apple cider
New iPhone 8 Plus ad highlights new Portrait Lighting feature Read more
Cornish Apple Festival 2017
Who has a fire ass playlist on Apple Music. Send it to me
I love seeing the iPhone8 commercials..gives me chills Apple
Vendo.. Apple Watch  cargador 2m ..... 4000. iPhone 6s defecto .....6000. Huawei P9 Lite 2017.....4100 se entrega con todo
so apparently apple cider makes me sick which is Very unfortunate
Makes me not want to update.
this is my time nate i havent had an actual fall in two years. im going to drink so much hot apple cider tomorrow that i die
Cherry Pie  Apple Pie. Yum 
Eli Apple is a real problem. The kid doesnt turn around to see the ball.
Dear Apple  FIX THE BATTERIES
Eli Apple let up more tds and Ill bet eagles have a better season
I hope so. I just read several articles stating that Apple just started production and itll be very limited in October.
apple cider is so damn good
Ive had 3 generations of iphones and im just super sick of them now. iTunes is a garbage program and apple phones are prone to dumb issues
I had my last phone for 7 years. I have a friend who works for Apple advise me to never update. So I dont and that phone STILL works
yea apple doesnt fall from the tree
Im impressed with the Gear Fit 2 Pro. If it has speakers I would say its more valuable than an Apple Watch  for  GearFit2Pro
Apple fucking up with these iPhone updates and these whack ass chargers
Case manufacturer says Apple likely to ditch Touch ID in iPhone 8
GUSGU Screen Protector For iPhone 8 Plus 7 Plus Tempered Glass 5.5 Comply to Apple 6s
Tackling was terrible Apple is terrible Marshall dropped key ball bright spot was OL  Eli showed why he is a Captain and a leader
When Apple introduced the iPhone X Apple finally introduced an iPhone that uses an OLED display versus previous...
0burns warm homemade apple crisp with salted caramel truffle ice cream 
Kenwood  6.2  CDDVD  Builtin Bluetooth  Apple  iPod and SatelliteRa...
Oh and laughing at child labour in Apple sweat shops were employees commit suicide. With the monika Socialism kills.Yr a right laugh arent u
Rallys apple pies the truthhhhhh
LMAOOOO his adams apple is perfect too dont get me wrong
go put that on Apple Music
Apple is scraping the barrel. If I had to choose death or apple pie I still wouldnt know
apple cider vinegar weight loss
I love you moreeee Apple pie
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Pretty excited about this apple pie Ill be making later 
Really impressive work here Joe Thanks for sharing
The apple doesnt fall far from the gilded apple tree...
Apple  Google Other US Tech Firms Slam Trumps Plan for Ending DACA Protections
Analysis Apple has sold about 15M Watch units in last 12 months and about 33M since launch generating about 12B in sales
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures  Mac Rumors
Apple wont put a video playlist on iPhone to force you to buy AppleTV. makes me want to go out of my way to find a non Apple solution.
Homemade chicken and apple sausage for breakfasts this week. Yum
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port
I liked a YouTube video
Spotify
Apple News on Twitter
So does apple music I only pay 5 dollars for mine.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple News on Twitter
I got all my music back from iTunes Im so happy and not mad at Apple anymore for now probably lol yes
I want an Apple Watch also
Apple iPhone X soldout until mid2018 analysts predict  Tech  Life  Style 
iphoneSuperSale Brand New Apple iPhone 6s 4.7 Retina 16GB 4G LTE GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone
I liked a YouTube video
October is here and that means we are getting close to trick or treat at Smiths apple farm Wear your costumes and get some candyportelgin 
Apple speak on rumours that iPhones have secret FM radios
Im pretty offended they have a bunch of cat emojis but not multiple dog emojis with different emotions...why do u hate dogs apple 
I spent 1 hour and 21 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
I spent 31 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
Ignore this Skittles . Green apple is the superior flavor
I swear to god Apple you need to work on the battery time on the new iPhones not the god damn size or width
New post fine pippen tarts or NicosiaMarissa tried a beautiful autumn apple recipe recipe foodhistory pippen
y3s but youre still a crab apple
Success Grey purse camouflaged against grey tent wall. Now LOML can do priority no 1 collect new Apple Watch from courier drop point
Fall  boots flannel and apple cider season
I found out that half my friends dont like apple pie and I feel very betrayed rn
Warm apple pie with vanilla ice cream is my shiiiii
I want to go on an Apple and pumpkin picking date 
So I made apple pie and it wasnt that good . The filling I made was bomb dot com but it came out tasting bland. Maybe I should like
Smothered BBQ ribs fried pork chops jasmine rice corn bread yams Mac n cheese chocolate cake apple pie baked cookies
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
What are we going to do about Eli Apple  The kid cant cover a book
Awesome. Is noggins the one thats child friendly Its been awhile My youngest is 13 apple picking loses its luster when they get big.
bro I hate Apple products
PontiacMadeDDG drop that joint on Apple Music bro
I like some pies... apple is near the bottom in the pie hierarchy.
Raw unsweetened organic apple puree a co worker gave me about 20
Apple ios1101 worst update ever slows down a previously perfectly working phone and kills the battery what happened to u guys 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I will bring Apple Cider
RT LSNutrition  Apple Cider Vinegar this October It can interact with Digoxin Lanoxin and some Diuretics . Chat with your MD 
links to SUBSCRIBE  LISTEN to this weeks fun podcast episode with tylerfarr APPLE 
Fall inspired sweetness Love caramel apples but only want a bite size Caramel Apple Poppers to the rescue. Halloween recipes
And there was me thinking apple was all about having everything built in and seemless all the time.heck cant even change video modes in app
Apple Watch 3 REVIEW  The ALMOST Perfect Smartwatch Like Us fb
Apple Watch 3 REVIEW  The ALMOST Perfect Smartwatch Like Us fb
Apple Boom Timeline 1905  The valley produced 116763 boxes of apples valued at 81737. Construction of the...
Ya dig.... but are you still waiting for the IphoneX Apple hypes strange effects of iPhone 8 Plus camera
Ill miss you but Ill bring you back some fresh apple pie
Once we started baking cookies we couldnt stop Our second batch were these Apple Pie Cookies
Anyone have a Apple Music family I can join lol
I was trying to brush my teeth with an apple .
Sips apple juice
Just watched a lady yell at her daughter she couldnt have apple juice bec she only has 5 bucks and needs cigs. Ppl are sad 
Soon we wont need phones well just need an Apple Watch.
UDF takes Apple Pay..... that shit was clutch. Nigga needed them Gatorades
Download MacOS HighSierra.DMG  Installer.ISO  without Apple store  Macdrug
Why do they only have like one apple and coffee for breakfast for three people Like what kind of breakfast is that
apple make another sideeye emoji looking to the right
Big Apple  2017 
Dear Apple and iTunes my god i hate the new UI on ios11 podcasts. Why do you keep ruining a good thing.
Apple and these whack ass chargers
yeah I have a feeling theyre not gonna help me out either
Convo with the GF Her Let go apple picking next weekend. Me I havent picked anything since my ancestors were set free...
JamesMLamb Look who has arrived in the Apple Isle 
Baked apple season. Serve warm with a little ice cream. fruit dessert dessertporn food 
adams apple This next song I wrote because Im a queer 
He created it. Without him Apple Corp. would be selling fruit.
apple 
Apple has their own battery gate. How about that.
Apple pie with 5lbs of Apple s and buttetarts for my work peeps goodthingsgrowinontario 
How good is your Memory  Play on iphone ipad  iPhone Apple Watch
UCSB class of 1997. 3rd generation Santa Barbarian. This doesnt detract from the fact Apple Valley is the meth capital of the US
new video by apple
Dont forget the Calvados one though
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
How To Make iOS Device Screencasts With QuickTime
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port
Lets Talk About That Notch On The iPhone X Worst Design Decision By Apple In Years
I FUCKING LOVE U SO FUCKING MUCH MY FUCKING COOKIE DOUGH CINNAMON APPLE SOFT SMOL BEAN MOTHER ILY lilfloreli 
i love how the apple support replied to your tweet hahahahaha
I just found the most kickass playlist on Apple Music Im so happy
Only tables have split screens and not iPhones. What is Apple thinking.
Otterbox Apple Iphone 6 Clearly Protected Alpha Glass Screen Protector
TELL ME WHY I THOUGHT THIS SAID ADAMs APPLe
Did a little test shop on there with an apple slicer... my mums most favourite contraption but took about 3 months to arrive
Compromise Keep green apple and make the yellow Skittle lemonlime
i hate that acid rap still isnt on apple music
Probably a purely aesthetic decision which isnt uncommon for apple hardware. Reminds me of this moment in time 
Safari on macOS Sierra warns when a website tries to use your web browser as a crypto currency miner. via r apple
Do not buy the iPhone 8 It sucks. Not any better then the 7. Wait for the iPhone X... Or better yet buy a Samsung
adams apple  I tried listening to it before and it made me really uncomfortable so I had to turn it off I dont like it
Weekend Run Down swimming Sat for Grandmas bday baked apple pies Fall Festival in Rke on Sun dinner at Ragazzis. 
I really hate Apple  Macintosh computers bro with a passion just did a whole ass paper an it got erased quick as hell
St. Vincent and Fiona Apple Perform Together 
okay here is the one fall wish i would like to manifest apple picking
Adam This apple taste great whered you get it Eve The forbidden tree Adam 
So when ppl read me their VIN numbers on their car I repeat it and say a as in Apple  to make sure. Today I said n as in nigga so yea.
u ever get real high n decide u cant drive so u get in ur virtual car and drive urself around on apple maps looking for chinese delivery
How is it possible that Apple still doesnt have a Live PhototoGIF button built into Photos app Using 3rd party apps suck.
Apple Musics Long Game Why Jimmy Iovine Thinks Theyre Not Even Close to Success With Streaming
1 margaritas at apple for all of oct 0
What a beautiful day for Apple picking
Apple is really bad at design  The Outline
The update to know what about albums dropping on Apple Music is greatness
MidNightAddingGame NewMonthAddingGame Ladies comment APPLE Guys comment BANANA guys add up any apple you...
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Gold Aluminum Case Midnight Blue Sport Band ... 99.00 via eBay
Thanks for the new iOS update Apple now my battery doesnt last for shit.
Apple cider by the fire. Beautiful fall evening.
I NEVER LIKED NEW YORK . ITS OFFICIAL. I HATE BIG APPLE .
. Belkin solving an Apple s design failure for a problem that should never have existed. This is why Im not upgrading my awesome iPhone 6
retweet RT dianetowin  Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Make the phone the same size but the camera lens just a bit bigger so the old accessories dont fit. Well played Apple .
An apple a day keeps The Queen Of Elegance away 
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
New apple update has deleted all of my contacts
They need to read this conversation cuz Im mad lol
Just apple juice and water
Fruit coming out soon On Apple Music Spotify Tidal Soundcloud etc Oh yeahhhh
Still got the Adams apple I guess
US Miles Kohl asks how sustainable will new apple varieties be into the future
bandaged rat apple
apple . please help I want my badge what do I have to do 
Analysis Of Apple s EFI And Security Updates Reveals Gaps
Just trying to wear my flannel to a pumpkin patch drink hot coffee drinks and eat apple donuts
Why Drake highfives Apple senior vp of internet software.
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
I want a pair of RunLites because its getting out here right now Apple phone light not enough runchat c u 10pm 
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes Forbes Apple iOS 11.0
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
I hate the fact that I cant listen to music  charge my phone at the same time  Fuck you Apple
Red Apple Corporate Office  CLOSED  Grocery  3301 S Norfolk Street Seattle WA  Phone Number  Yelp
Angie Im glad you said that I thought that all along. Adams apple and crotch bulge gave it away to me.
Analysis Of Apple s EFI And Security Updates Reveals Gaps
them caramel apple pops tho 
This why I cant get right apple dumplings 
Pumpkin whoopie pie  apple pie pecan cupcake . . . . cupcake whoopiepie dessert sweets foodporn foodie foodlover foodstagram fo  
Yeah I have to admin the Apple Podcast app has taken a big usability hit in iOS 11. I actually prefer the app in iOS 10.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Someone pls take me apple picking or to a pumpkin patch
PlexPy HOMEPC mmullaney99  Apple TV has watched The Big Sick at 1942.
Thank you Taffy Apple  I love your name
FR Tweet or call Apple Supportyour carrier.
I miss the pumpkin patches and apple orchards in WA
i asked for wine and ben brought me apple juice in a wine glass
Halfway through this apple and Im trying to remember if I washed it or not
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures
When your parents take you to ballet class The apple fest and a bday party and you still think your day was boring goodtobe4 
Anyone know of a good Apple Music playlist 
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port
someone be my boyfriend and go apple picking w me
Straeming Album out now ÎÄcheck cit outÎÄ Apple Music
Joshua Topolsky Apple is really bad at design
I liked a YouTube video
sooo happy I got my Apple Music back
Apple iPod Touch 4th Generation Black 32 GB Works
Apple Watch Series 1  EXCELLENT 38mm Aluminum  White Sport Band MJ2T2LLA
Apple pie is gross Adam.
So jealous of all the cute people apple picking
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
Listen its the perfect Date Night season w endless possibilities haunted houses pumpkin apple picking corn mazes etc GET ON THAT SHIT
If he didnt sell his 10 share of Apple in 1976 but changed it to Bitcoins in May 2010 hed have more than 10500000000000000 rn. If.
Apple out performers the Note 8 and that thing has 6 Ram you dont need that much in a phone
Get a hobby other than Twitter OMG the apple doesnt fall far from the tree biggerissues
Apple bees has 1 margaritas this is what love feels like
Apple MusicSoundCloud and Sirius XM none seem to work Im guessing its a problem with the control center
Big Bs by Chance the mf Rapper needs to release on Apple Music mane frfr
When they put a whole apple in the dumpling I get a lil teary eyed appledumpling 
Apple may be the only company I like that is left call it CentOS call it Red Hat call it SUSE and call it Debian And I may like Amazon.
apple cider should be a year round thing
Im fully convinced that absolutely everyone went apple picking this weekend  I missed the memo
Apple is boring it works well but the company is dead when it comes to innovation. Theyre years behind and always will be
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures
Analysis Of Apple s EFI And Security Updates Reveals Gaps
Apple iPhone 5s  64GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone 155.00 via eBay
Tetszett egy vide  YouTube 
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures
Apple picking Expectation Vs. Reality fall 
Made apple cider donuts last night and just fried chicken cutlets in the same oil. I regret nothing.
Selling my Apple Watch  Stainless Steel 42mm with Black Sport Band
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
I look hot Your butt looks like an apple 
I liked a YouTube video
i am ready to get my new phone  apple watch
REQUEST Autumn at Apple Hill A Moonlit Hearts Romance... by Angie Ellington 
Apple died after the iPhone 6
Apple picking with the girls DuBois Farms
Reports of splitting problem with iPhone 8  notgood lemon apple
Apple TV 4K review A solid update that costs too much
Apple  apple tree. In this case a redefinition of fruit of the poisonous tree.
Heres how to make an apple galette big enough for the whole family
Apple Watch Hidden Features Airhorn Hava Nagila
Uber will either be the next Apple  or be one of the biggest and messiest corporate implosions ever. No in between.
When this hitting Apple Music
Having the shortcut
I want hot apple cider
Apple AppleSupport hello just got this message. Wont be clicking on the link but is there anything I can do to stop this spamming 
Eli Apple could have so many picks if he would just turn the fuck around
Apple and mills had same stats last year  cept apple had an int  this year Ill guarantee mills does worse . Ill put  on it
When you realize the short cut to turning off your Bluetooth from the Apple iPhone doesnt actually turn off Defeats the purpose of
Apple music has literally no idea what I like. Its stupid.
Check out Apple ipad 4 16gb 32gb 64gb wifi Apple Bar
Yaaa How was apple picking
I went to this place called Apple Lounge it was cool. 21  up though
MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE
Went apple picking n none of us wants the apples lmaoo
macOS High Sierra now available as a free update  Apple Newsroom press release
Certified USBC Hub CharJenPro PREMIUM MacBar Adapter for Apple Macbook Pro 2016  2017  40GBS Thunderbolt 3 p... 
NICKIMINAJ WHY IS CHI RAQ AND YAS BISH YAS NOT ON APPLE MUSIC OMG YOU ALWAYS DO THIS
Apple Cider sucks
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Wish I had someone to go apple and pumpkin picking with foreveralone
Again I would like to request that the folks arguing with me about Eli Apple a few weeks ago step forward
Apple iPhone 5  16GB  White  Silver ATTStraight TalkNet 10 Smartphone
Went to the JDRF Diabetes Walk at Montrose Beach and the Apple Fest in Lincoln Square today. I am a man about town.
Apple Bubbler Pro Kit All Natural Dry Herb Water  Apple Filter  Taste the Apple 24.95
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
energy Sorry Apple  but I just cant face using Face ID The iPhone X is putting facial recognition front and
Sorry Apple  but I just cant face using Face ID The iPhone X is putting facial recognition front and centre 
finally apple music made it so im able to share my playlists on there so im transferring all of them and im gonna make a thread soon
the music on all the new Apple commercials is bomb
You can check with your phone I only know how apple clock works 
Drinking a Scratch 290  Apple Farmhouse Ale by TroegsBeer 
I guess I should eat my candy apple now....i mean they been here since Friday.
Display Release on apple CAST
Someone raise me some custard so I can eat this apple pie
Apple Cinnamon Baked Oatmeal  with steel cut oats
October is giving me the urgency to eat apple pie
Tested out the wireless charging at the Apple store and a lot of teenagers were jealous that Gerwin and I got our 8 Plus already
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
A little Fall food day For dessert a baked bloomin Apple honeycrisp and for dinner BBQ
Whats a fella gotta do around here to get some apple juice
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Shawty had them apple bottom jeans jeans Boots with the fur with the fur The whole club was looking at her
Its apple pickingwithbae season and fucking Steve chose to go to school in Florida
New Apple iphone ordered... is it Tuesday yet
try and tell me this man doesnt have the perfect apple ass bc you cant
And I just want a pint of Apple Ciroc on Chill
If Apple is so smart why hasnt my phone figured out that Ive never typed ducking in my life
Photorealistic Devices MockUp has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and Games 
Yeah so Apple Watch with my iPhone maybe.
someone tell me why Walmart doesnt have caramel apple suckers asking for a girl whose fall spirit is crushed
MAYBE plus people always put ice cream and whipped cream on apple pie and I. Detest
fluffhao MY CINNAMON APPLE  Im glad you got back from camping and didnt die I missed you and also I h8 u for making me Mandy
Thanks for listening to our podcast neridacole  Find us on the apple podcast app too New episodes coming soon
Apple IPad Air 2 64GB WiFi 9.7in  Gold Latest Model MH182LLA Price 649.98 View and ...
Apple iPhone SE Smartphone Choose ATT Sprint GSM Unlocked Verizon or TMobile 
yeah thats def some software issues
i need apple cider and apple cider donuts
If the universe was kind and just apple cider wouldnt give you diarrhea if you happen to drink a gallon
Nice to be back. Missed you big apple . 2ndHome I NY 
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Petting zoo at the pumpkin patch apple orchard.
I just made 3 apple pies my house smells like heaven.
No that was the first time. 7
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP032LLA 161.72 via eBay
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
sounds like whoevers been making you apple pie is just bad at it
Celebrating October 1st at the Apple orchard Were so excited for fall TMWBlog FemaleBloggerRT 
I could go for some warm apple cider right now
Jesse Jackson Demands Better Wages for Apple s Contract Workers  WIRED
You can never beat the dimplicity and the amazing quality of the trillions of apps on apple . Android just doesnt have it.
Display Release on apple CAST
I be swiping down hard as fuck when my ig baes be posting picsvids of their dogs and apple music screenshots and shit.
Dear Apple this ios11 feature sucks. I want to turn wifi  Bluetooth OFF quickly like before.
Just waking up from a dream where I missed Apple Watch delivery
The Apple TV is dope. I need to get me the 4K version.
Apple is investigating reports iPhone 8 Plus devices bursting open
Reports are now surfacing the Apple iPhone8Plus is splitting open.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Î¾PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
I found a Pinterest recipe for an apple  pb granola and honey sandwich and its DOPE
The only apple picking Im taking my girlfriend on is the produce section at Super C
Im truly sorry for all the barchie shippers dealing with the bad apple bughead shippers but yall got your shit wrong educate before you rant
I want someone to read books and drink apple cider with
Apple pie  ice cream it is
Id estimate that 40 of the ppl I follow on insta went apple pumpkin picking 2day  I spent it studying every bonemusclenerve in the body
Apple Ditches Bing For Google On Siri And MacOS Searches
Bicycle powered apple pulper for making cider via rDIY
Apple now sells an iPhone dongle with a headphone jack and charging port  Apple I prefer to be dongleless.
I cannot wait to get my 8 plus. Hot my Apple watch 2nd gen sitting on the charger waiting. Cant wait to set it back up again.
the apples in apple pie are always too chunky and at that consistency where biting into it is one of the worlds worsts textures
We created a ginger apple quick bread with kombucha glaze Check out the link in our profile for
Wicked good apple cider donuts at Meadow Ledge Farms wickedgood ciderdonuts appleorchards 
time for my yearly i miss Fiona Apple  tweet
YES PLEASE APPLE
Im using my Samsung outletUSB to charge my iPhone while my Apple one is right there Unused  And I wont switch it  
happy October Kuners Apple Orchard
Apple s new iPhone 8 Plus ad showcases its Portrait Lighting feature
lol its becoming more and more like apple s store. anyone can get in and get buried. oh well
iTunes FULL KPOP ONLY IOS SUPPORT IOS 610 SISTEM VIA ID APPLE TERUPDATE 
We DemoRats love to build walls around our companies like Google Apple  Facebook and Microsoft for security but never the Country
I told him I wanted to go apple picking and take cute candids... so were practicing our poses 
Apple Is Investigating Reports The iPhone 8 Is Literally Splitting Open  Pedestrian
Apple maps bad
Fun fact jalen mills didnt allow a touchdown in his career until last week and Apple is so bad
Greatest Hits by Procol Harum on Apple Music
This phone is literally a massive display tht battery size is a joke. But I doubt Apple s target knows or cares about these little things
It was an apple picking pumpkinsitting minigolfing kind of day Full disclosure when I said
Got dis Apple cider on deck and my water filter filled all the way up we is getting rightttttt this week hun
So Im now taking pumpkin patch and apple picking date applications
My Apple Watch Series 3 Sent the Police to My Apartment An Unapologetic Review
NBA why cant you be like NFL supporting the truth that FreedomOfSpeech is as American as apple pie and football  1stAmendment
I went in to Apple and all they said was well did you back the stuff up to iCloud and that they would take my phone for credit
sav and I baked an apple pie and then went to two grocery stores in search of pumpkin beer. we have reached peak white girl status.
My Samsung Galaxy S6 is performing beautifully as it always has....
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures  Mac Rumors
Homesickness sets in in the weirdest ways. I miss my garden. My pets. Master Gardener volunteering. Apple picking at organic orchards. 
Apple Cranberry juice 
Id link directly to
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
Im tryna either get Apple Music back or Spotify back. But I gotta change bank accounts before I can do anything
I am so in love with apple juice
I didnt want to update but accidentally pressed the update button instead of canceling it
peep this up n coming artist i found on Apple Music this song is really good 
can someone buy and send me some new apple headphones thx
Rotten Apple 2017 Time Portal begins on October 21
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
thieveshours RT pitchfork  Fiona Apple and St. Vincent jam together at TransPecos fest
I asked for 1 candy apple  I got 5 not mad about it at all
Whats wrong with her apple leggings and pink bear hoodie Pan worked hard to find those for her Anyways shes just patting his hands Dada
Heaven is warm apple turnovers. I shall eat happily.
Lime is garbage GREEN APPLE FOREVER
just sucks that one bad apple makes the entire team die
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes Forbes Apple iOS 11.0.1
GoPro turns to HEVC compression for Hero 6 Black same codec used by Apple in
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Carrot Apple Muffins with Maple Cream...
I called my dad to let him know what the apple store told me about my phone  he goes estan pendejos yo te podia decir eso ok felix
apple and microsoft owe everyone money for the time they try to sync across their devicesshould be more interoperable without cloud
This is his 13th Apple Music Playlist. OCTOBER1 live now. Link in bio.    cc AppleMusic 
Someone come over with apple cider donuts and a good movie pls
https steamcommunity.comtradeoffernew partner145636871tokenpur2DW6g  My best skin is an atomic alloy battle scarred worth 2  2nd best is a candy apple glock D
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Silver at 94.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
lmao damn that happening often and what iphone u got
basically same. Fuck apple .
Pumpkin patches apple orchards haunted houses anyone care to join
Elon Musk can keep Tesla and Apple but I want McLaren...and Sony...and Nintendo bitch yeau2 u coming wit me
Giants 10 v Bucs 132ndQGiantDgivup 1stdwn but look energized Apple gd play on passslaps th ballblitz on 3rddwn justmisses QB
Apple may have unintentionally solved smartphone addiction
But it def was fine before iOS 11.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Super jealous That camera is unreal You better have purchased Apple care
Happy October Heres to crisp weather sweaters  caramel apple cupcakes sundaysweettooth
FOR FUCKS SAKE APPLE MY PHONE JUST DELETED ALL MY PICTURES OFF MY CAMERA ROLL
If youre affected by the sport band on the Apple Watch review thats more than either ZOMG JONY IVE  or ANDROID HAD THIZ FIRST
Dont forget the Apple Watch.
apple 
This guy at the apple store said yall age well
Apple reports 400 percent rise in national security requests
DPop feat. Thugga Fuk  Single Toy Boy Smitty HipHopRap Listen On Apple Music
7 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Rose Gold Aluminum Case with Pink Sand Sport Band
Their defense isnt playing wthe same intensity Apple has regressed. Collins isnt the force he was last season Not Good
Great point
nevitable  Fixable  Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
My mama called me Excited just to tell me one of my Snapchat followers saw her at Apple bees and said she love when she on my snap like shes so annoying
You honestly believe Eli Apple is better than jalen mills or Ronald Darby
Half the screen just disappeared
Same Funny how it does it as soon as Apple are releasing 2 new phones..
i would like u to know that tim cook the CEO of apple  is gay
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
Apple is about people who think outside the box.  Steve jobs The irony is Apple is now out of the box.
Auditing the Apple Store tonight might be one less iPhone x in the inventory
Awesome day volunteering for YMCAPaisley YouthScotland bigmusicUK bigmusiccdd patchblocks teenageengineering akai Nintendo Apple 
Four hours and counting after HighSierra totally messed up my MacBook. Epic fail Apple reboots each time enter password AppleSupport
But lots of judgement if you use Apple Maps instead of Google Maps.
fitbit sent me 25 off couponwhy would I buy another fitbit if it keeps breaking Anyone love misfit or Apple Watch instead Recs 22
all it takes is one bad apple to ruin it for the whole bunch
Yea Ive been hearing that but I figured Id ask you cuz I didnt believe it. I guess apple is making it harder to jb
Sorry Apple  but I just cant face using Face ID
Fckin apple sauce out here man
Apple News on Twitter
My phone is starting to get shitty.... Apple thinks its time I buy a new one
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC devandaar  Apple TV started playing Silicon Valley  Teambuilding Exercise.
Apple Cider Bread with Currants and a Crapload of Melty Butter
Apple picking 
Kindle Fire or Apple ipad mini unboxing Who is Better 
Autumn Days Happy October 1st I hope your October is full of crisp air cozy knits apple 
Am I actually going to go from Apple Music to Spotify I feel like Judas
Apple News on Twitter
The fact that there is apple crisp from Apple Fest in my fridge makes me so happy
Apple sees an increase in national security requests for 2017
I got the Apple Watch series 3 for 35 worth it
Apple News on Twitter
I dropped my sisters Apple Watch and cracked it LMAOOOOOO shes pissed
The Apple Watch the Throne in one year and wasnt nominated for either...
Apple Music
Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Black Unlocked Verizon Smartphone
I think I wasted my money on this Apple Watch 3 
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone 6s 64GB Gold on 4GEE 10GB 24 Months contract with UNL...
Im just out here looking for the Apple pen to my pen pineapple.. 
apple cider donuts and halloweentown a very happy october 1st
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems
joshuatopolsky just because you saw stick the apple Pencil in the bottom of the iPad to charge it on a listicle doesnt make it true 
The loading symbol and when I started it up again I had nothing. No pics. No contacts. Nada.
Having a cup of hot apple cider to celebrate October 1st
Room for improvement.  Apple s macOS High Sierra will launch with a major security hole
TYC Apple TV Giveaway
What a full day. Made an apple pie with Williams Sonoma scores some Stephen King movies at
Anarchy by Neon Hitch on Apple Music
About get my Apple Watch bustdown
Lol ion think thats an  Apple Watch
Lmaooo Apple is better at getting burnt for tds thats forsure
Been tearing up this apple pie.
Well this iPhone will make Apple into a power again or kill it dead.
Apple whats going on with this new update. Send halp.
MY FUCKIN CINNAMON APPLE
unpopularopinion I the new green apple skittles more than the original lime
All games have been winnable. Imagine if Eli Apple would turn his head around...we would be at least 22
Went apple picking on this perfect fall day  took the dogs for a trail walk and visited the horse solid 1st of October
Anybody got the new Apple Watch Worth it or Na
archealthreward To be in with a chance to win an Apple Watch Series 3  Simply Retweet and Follow us on Twitter Competition
If you pay to go apple picking youre a sucker there I said it
Always onthego Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
Thats almost the dumbest thing Ive ever read. The notion that Apple is bad at design is laughable.
Apple AppleSupport your new update and killed my phone thanks a lot
Apple Watch
Apple Your latest iOS upgrade is flawed this message each tweet erratic screen movement. Like the new files though. Needs looked at 
Look it up on your Apple TV
Came for a dongle Left with an Apple TV
come to sweet apple acres in the next 10 minutes for an ass kicking
Exactly  this is a fork in the road for Apple for sure
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple  Bacon and Sausage Breakfast Skillet
It started freezing and making my phone stupid. It kept shutting off at like 50 then like two days ago BOOM it gave me a black screen w
Most likely iTunes but I was just listening through YouTube on my Apple TV
Starting October right with a fall classic apple picking fall appleorchard 
who wants to go apple picking with me 
Apple hypes strange effects of iphone 8 plus via rgadgets
Someone take me apple picking
like
Once we started baking cookies we couldnt stop Our second batch were these Apple Pie Cookies
I dont see changing imac either. Too much brand recognition. You dont have to mention Apple to know who makes iPhone
Crown apple  sprite
faccenda facts 2 apple picking made me realize that attempting to take a pic of someone on your shoulders is not as easy as you think
Apple add the I love you Sign Language emoji  For the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community we want an emoji AppleSupport timcook
Roasted Apple Butter Turkey with Turkey Bacon Scalloped Potatoes
Overnight Slow Cooker Oatmeal  Cinnamon Apple  The Fitchen 
Did girls even go apple picking if they didnt instagram it
If Giants dont trade for Adrian Peterson TONIGHT they CANNOT truly compete with these RBs... And Eli Apple is
PSYCHO MANTIS LOVES HIS APPLE PIES
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Matt Black Unlocked
Apple festival fall fall2017 applefest happyoctober mylove bestfriend october
is it apple music time because i really cannot live like this
I ate a very hot McDonalds Apple pie. 
Apple Pay 
A poison apple not great to eat but great to look at Grab a print
Youll be needing Apple Cider Vinegar angmac9
Fuck all you apple picking basic ass bitchezzz
Apple Pay should exist everywhere
Been thinking about switching to android lately but Im a loyal apple customer
Defense Apple hasnt made good enough progress LBs cant cover Collins cant cover TEsRBs man tackling especially by DBs was terrible
Apple Magic Trackpad
Ben MacAdoo  Eli apple   the Oline need to GTFOH 
This will be our third year and Adrians second year in a row going apple pumpkin picking for my bday
Warm apple juice tastes like medicine.
have yall ever had green apple Starburst ...... holy damn
Hot dogs apple pie and the RedSox are in postseason.... its a good day
Went apple picking and made apple crisp today what a perfect Sunday
the Softy apple homekey . do not remember the fire place at all . s.reehoney brody666wells
Ive drank so much apple cider the past two days that I vomited
Why did everyone from staten island go apple picking today lmao
Apple is really bad at design
Watch St. Vincent Join Fiona Apple At TransPecos Festival music livemusic
Giants needs to get rid of Eli apple and Eric flower
In other news planted an apple tree and an avocado tree 
apple iphone 6s 128gb rose 
NHLTVSupport 13 I just purchased the year subscription through a web browser in Windows. Then I turned on Apple TV and installed the app
Dinner Jengor made duck breast over puy lentils and tomatillo apple birch syrup sauce. I um...poured the wine. 
Apple picking and pumpkin pictures flooding the gram today must be october 1st....
I take it that my young niece wants to switch to samsung . apple iphone
Apple could sew a romper on me for life and I still wouldnt buy an android. 
DanDriggs free shit driggsu abandon apple 
while apple picking today Me can you take our picture Teen girl rearranges us compliments us adjusts iPhone camera lighting
Should Apple feel threatened by Amazons smart speaker show
seriously what happened to yours
Google Apple  Microsoft Cisco etc are NOT on your side
Hebei Natural Genuine Peridot Apple Green Square Princess Cut
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Pink Sand Sport Band  MNNH2LLA 160.00 via eBay
Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Matt Black Unlocked
I want to be able to look at my Twitter feed from my Apple Watch Twitter tweetbot
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures  Mac Rumors
No YOU just pretended that large swig of apple juice was alcohol amediting
Apple iOS 11.0.1 Starts Causing Problems  Forbes
Apple sees an increase in national security requests for 2017  Digital Trends
Apple  peanut butter granola amp dark chocolate
Apple iPhone 6s  16GB  Silver ATT Smartphone 280.00 via eBay
Idk why it always takes the fall season to remind me of how good pumpkin seeds and apple sauce are.
is apple cider a thing down here bc idk where to find it
Apple is dropping Bing in favor of Google in Siri Spotlight on Mac
Its not tweetbot s fault. Found the solution on Reddit Reboot your device. Its a bug with Apple s SafariViewController feature.
i NEED at least a witch hat Apple make it happen
SAME
apple pie fiestar
My apartment smells like apple pie candles I love fall.
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree with that guy or some shit
Im not sure if there are more Macs at the Apple store...or at my local Starbucks
How clever by Apple ...
I bet those with Apple Watch have one order of magnitude lower interections..
Whoops yes I mean an apple orchard
yer da walks through a park making chant videos for players while holding onto his apple earphones
Im experiencing a lot of Bluetooth connectivity issues. It wont maintain connection with my car or Apple Watch. Was this not tested
Apple MacBook Pro 15 Laptop with Touchbar and Touch ID
Apple Investigating Two Possible iPhone 8 Plus Battery Failures  Mac Rumors
Now we have to go to the apple store 
she did adams apple at my show as well it was so amazing i Love Her
CHIP lets Americans keep more of their hard earned kids but youre against family motherhood and apple pie.
Adams Apple kills me. Why Cause Charlotte...
So I was in the Apple store transferring my phone and mike sully walks in. Couldnt even take a pic w the goat coach  penguins
Finally at least theres one new thing that came out of iPhoneX...Something Apple can now say they lead in  haircuts  iPhoneX mkbhd
I had to drive all the way to LA to get them at a Frys because theyre always backordered on Apple
FinTech warns openbanking should be established to avoid startups losing to digital giants like Google Apple
Apple fix the update 11.1 please and thank u
I was more of a Boones Farm Apple fan myself. lol
Which Apple Devices Will Be Able to Play HEVC Videos
regranned from trackstarrmusic  Check out  Likkle and Cute by diartistredd on  Apple 
SEE THIS NOW ON KODITALK Apple Byte Extra Crunchy VIDEO PODCAST Ep. 102 Is the Apple Watch that bad Did...
Microsoft teases major Office for Mac updates public version coming soon via NewsfusionApps Apple News
If you think your day sucks I just spilled apple juice all over my MacBook and now the screen doesnt work.
Apple opensourced iOS and macOS kernel for ARM  OS News
Can you take me apple picking
You honestly just look like a crack head now. Guess the apple dont fall far from the tree.
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Silver at 59.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 24 Months ...
Neat trick Apple ... I upgrade the software on the phone and puts it on do not disturb. My apologies to all...
Need me a cinnamon apple .
Me too Tony. Im considering taking my two lines and my iPad plan to TMobile .
Ate an apple with my kid. He promptly stole the core and hasnt given it up since. toothless momlife blw
10yrs ago from BoyceAvenue Justin Timberlake  LoveStoned Boyce Avenue acoustic cover on Apple  ...
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices
SEE THIS NOW ON KODITALK Apple Byte Extra Crunchy VIDEO PODCAST Ep. 102 Is the Apple Watch that bad Did 
Now I just need the Apple AirPods
Fuck Apple news for pushing Fox News content
Finally back to iOS 10 first time happy to be in older iOS version. iOS 11 sucks apple ios11update
Got a Apple Watch series 3 for sale brand new in box black if anyone is interested
Does Apple Cider Vinegar help keep potassium in the muscle cell DHKiefer tednaiman DominicDAgosti2 SBakerMD
caramel apple lollipops
Aunt called me yesterday bc she made apple pie  pumpkin cookies. Got to her house saw this more Glad being extra runs in the fam 
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
Im at aN orchard climbinG THE giant inflatable apple and bouncing up and down on it IM THE NUMBER ONE APPLE BOY IM THE BUMBET ONR WPPLR BVF
Apple Music could still struggle to catch Spotify
Apple Annie Live event changes time  Times Daily
Apple TV 4K  Hands On Review
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Thinking about selling my Apple Watch
today Ive consumed  apple juice bag of Fritos And thats it
Apple iPhone 6 128GB Unlocked Smartphone
Check out Apple iPhone 5 Crystal Diamond BLING Case Phone Cover 3D Christmas Tree Generic
Miley Cyrus Carpool Karaoke  Apple Music
i will literally throw you an apple any day
4GB Apple iPod Nano 2nd Gen PINK 4 GB A1199 Bundled 22.75 via eBay
Turned on but now I cant log in to Apple account for iMessage
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Space Gray Aluminum Case Black Sport Band 189.99 via eBay
Think Ima buy me an apple ipad for backup cause this phone look a hot mess Im going to bed soon cause I have had a rough day
Is it safe enough to update to the new iOS apple iphone
Definitely need a change from the wireless industry. Tired of helping someones grandma figure out her apple id password.
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple
Apple s iPhone X could make Samsung big bucks  CNET
Why is my Apple Music acting stupid
Apple users .. can you screen record when you on ft with somebody
youre the apple to my eye  Beak  Skiff Apple Orchards
Apple writing mwcubs 
Apple just made every MacBook faster  heres whats new
I just said that and nothing happened. ... Of course I dont have Alexa or Apple TV....
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Apple tasting last week fall kdg redbud132 
The primary barrier why no apple watch for me any time soon.
Google will announce its flagship smartphone Wednesday. Looking forward to the new Google Pixel XL Good bye apple  
Apple Major bugs even on iOS 11.0.1 iPad Air 1 Battery  Screen Rotate issue Not even solved yet. Plz roll the patch. Really sad
Not touching green apple
Maple apple cider tea. Im obsessed. Go fuck yourself pumpkin spice.
c  cucumbers a  apple bottom jeans s  so you should dm me  s  so what pnk
chipotle is apple  moes is android
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple iPad Air 2 128GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 9.7in  Gold
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
My mom had one she only used it when she was making pie. It cored the Apple and sliced it and peeled it all at the same time
Apple downloaded the new update and now Siri doesnt work
Todays meetings Leadership Event with Islamic School Leaders MAHSA International School  Dinner with Apple Distinguished Educators 
Apple bees
Apple  Make a TRNCTurkish Republic of Cyprus emoji  Sign the Petition
KGI TrueDepth Camera Gives Apple 2.5 Year Lead Over Android Competitors
Im kind of digging iOS 11. Nice interface. Very smooth. But then I am a bit of an Apple fanboy.
You mean the Apple medical ID and not medicaid. Right Just to confirm
Pick one An Apple A Pumpkin An Avocado A Peach A Coconut PM with your choice below...youll be glad you did
Apple Annie Live event changes time  Times Daily
I tell you what apple phones are shit I just unlocked my account reset the password got the email that confirms...
The new iOS update forces me actually go to twitter to share a video. Apple s new slogan seems to be Whatever makes it more inconvenient
 AAPL Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices 
But if ye judge an apple simply on its shape  look dont be surprised if its rotten to the core. The inbetweeniners will freak wey that
I have to get my hands on that Apple Watch
I did eat one piece of apple . It tasted as good as you think it should.
I liked a YouTube video
Its almost October 3rd and Dunkin still hasnt brought back apple cider whats good Dunkin dont do this to me again this year
No problem. I like taking pictures of Apple products
APPLE CHANGED THE RING FOR WHEN YOU FACETIMING PEOPLE THANK GOODNESS
Apple been a fan and customer since 98... ios 11 by far has been the worst experience since. Please fix asap
Apple damaged my already damaged screen during the process of replacing my battery so they also replaced my SCREEN AND MY SCREEN PROTECTOR.
Hol tf up...sour green apple  Where you get them
iPhoneUpdate  New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
Apple better not fck with me tonight
Can we finally acknowledge this Apple IS really bad at design
Its officially hot apple cider szn
They earned it. AMOLEDs are absolutely amazing fucking pieces of technology. Apple crushes them in ARM chip design
Apple  a different badger
The apple does not fall from the tree.
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Somebody share their Apple Music playlist with me I need new music.
Damn Daniel back at it again with the Apple catching
Thanks Apple IOS 11 completely facked up my 6s
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
wow tank has a bop on Apple Music rn. who would have thought.
Clikia is on iTunes Stream us on Android Iphone Ipad Apple TV Amazon Fire and Roku Just to name a few cutthecord  CLKA 
Since when did Apple picking become such a big thing
Apple why did you change the temperature on the AppleWatch face to a graphic I can see the sun I want to know how chilly it is outside.
Apple faces down Qualcomm Ericsson over EU patent fees
Apple faces down Qualcomm Ericsson over EU patent fees
Apple iPhone 8 review
Which Apple Devices Will Be Able to Play HEVC Videos Apple have enabled the playback of HEVC videos and HEIF
Whatever Im happy for Apple is finally have AMOLED display on their phones
So I at least have access to the music I added to my Apple Music library but I will have to redownload the entire library to my device
And some apple juice
This guy is a commie moron  a waste of your time. Just sayin BTW  Good punctuation catch.
MSKA key finder connects with Apple iOS iPhone iPad or Android smartphones via wireless
Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Nike Aluminum Space Gray Case  Volt Sport MP0A2LLA
Pine Apple X
SON THESE SOUR GREEN APPLE STARBURSTS SO FUCKING GOOD
Cant wait to get some apple cider
Apple IPhone 6s  16GB  Rose Gold Sprint  Great Condition  Clean ESN ...
Apple bees happy hr sounding like its ah go for me
Apple Pie Because Monday October 2 2017 
Im hitting the hot apple cider this fall like I never have before. Its so good tho newtraditions
do any of you have an apple peeler like this or is my family weird 
Can we just mess with Apple and call it the iPhone 8X
To be fair Disney had the same message for Netflix and isnt playing nice with Apple either on 4K front  theyre building their own
i meant fucking apple pay gaaaah damn it
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
New Apple update
How is your Apple Watch doing Still liking it and going strong
Apple tv 3rd generation 80.00 via eBay
I think my best attribute is how excited I get over apple sauce
The FBI said his father was psychopathic with suicidal tendencies I guess the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
lets go apple picking I havent been since I was like 6 
I made apple zucchini bread and that shit is poppin
But theres so much that they dont know bout apple scruffs
Luxury Bloomingdales the App for Android and Apple
Lmfaoooo Im not playing
The apple of my eye LucasScott BlessedNana SixMonthsOld 
Yeah get rid of mcadoodoo John jerry Erick flowers and jerry Reese and bench Eli Apple and P perkins the season wont be as bad
I liked a YouTube video
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 70 thru 12117
Went apple picking yesterday. Apple season BraveTart How to Make OldFashioned Apple Pie No Gimmicks Required
Apple Watch Series 3 teardown finds a bigger battery and few surprises
KGI TrueDepth Camera Gives Apple 2.5 Year Lead Over Android Competitors
NowPlaying PartyNextDoor  Naked on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
In which GlennF goes deep on twofactor authentication and Apple .
Whenever I hear someone say Apple is shit next to Android I think about all the low quality snaps theyve sent to friends.
I liked a YouTube video
My iPhones crashed and shut itself off 5 times in the last hour. Thanks Apple
BAD APPLE  SHORT FILM
i want an Apple Watch but do I really need it lol
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPhone SE 16GB Silver Refurbished at 29.99 on O2 Refresh 4G 2...
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
10pm Tom Petty fixes glitch in new Apple Watch
Hypnotiq and apple juice tastes like Gatorade ...... this is so bad
Drinking apple cider like its nobodys business.
Hey full offense but why do I have an Adams apple and happy trail if Im not even cis like why did god leave me unfinished
Apple Music is not far more superior and still making its place in the streaming industry
Nike Apple Watch series 3 is on its way
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
I then attempted to download one album that have been in my collection and I was prompted to decide whether Apple Music should be merged
I liked a YouTube video
I dig the fairies. I bet Apple is busy rigging all the new characters for Animoji support at some point so its taking a little longer
Follow me on Apple Music lol got a couple playlists  droberson3
Interesting how the new iOS update only works on the iPhone 8. Well done Apple  well done.
Wasnt a valid point. At all. We ARE careful. 10s of 1000s of refugees. 1 bad apple . Lets not attack the 99.999 that are good people.
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Can exo and I go apple picking please
I downloaded it from the Apple App Store.
since you didnt say HAUNTED HOUSES im so excited to go to them  drink that hot apple drink  watch horrifying movies  carve faces 
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch Juli Clover
Dictatorgirl offered me an apple today.she said thats from her family farm. Nah I know that you want to poison me BYUI roommateprobs 
Cortland apples from Tansy Farms. Great eating apple  also perfect for baking. Firm slightly sweet  have a hint of tartness. Only 1.99lb 
The Apple Cider Vinegar Tonic That Quickly Destroys Cold And Flu Bugs
I liked a YouTube video
Cheers to another successful weekend and to Crown Apple for making this couples birthday celebration even sweeter diageorep crownroyal 
Just posted a new recipe Apple Kugel adapted from family If it looks good to you retweet it vegetarian Food
ME HAHAHA PB TOAST IS THE BEST i love it with apple slices too
Apple vs Android. Whooooo gives a shit.
i feel like people are only going apple picking so they can put it on instagram.
an apple a day keeps the doctor away but it keeps the dentist rich
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
And I have to make a batch of my apple pie moonshine pretty soon
Did she just compare gun violence to apple pie
Hey ATT Apple Im in Bremerton Washington. Whats up with this iPhone 8 iOS 11 
Apple probably has nothing to do with getting drivers I bet they have to wait for AMD and Intel
The Best GlutenFree Apple Cake for Apple Picking Season
AppleSupport im still unable to sign into my apple ID
Check out Apple iPhone Leather Phone Case Black 6 6s
Liked on YouTube Why are Apple s chips faster than Qualcomms  Gary explains
Apple iPhone 7 PRODUCTRED  128GB  ATT UNLOCKED APPLE FACTORY WARRANTY
I have no desire to buy either an Apple TV 4K or an Apple Watch Series 3. Still in honeymoon phase with iPhone 8.
Red Apple Corporate Office  CLOSED  Grocery  3301 S Norfolk Street Seattle WA  Phone Number  Yelp
I dont even like Apple bees but Ill make a effort
Drinking a Hopped Apple by AngryOrchard Village of Menomonee Falls 
Apple is on my last nerve. Customer satisfaction is not guaranteed. They just give you trash devices so you have to pay to replace them
Apple has owned that wall for a decade or more
Apple iPod Classic 7th Generation Black 160 GB MC297LL A1238  1.2K Songs 159.99 via eBay
I think Im going to switch back to Android. Sad to see Apple one of the most successful tech companies get it wrong on so many levels...
Really wanna go to the apple orchard
Bluetooth Earbud Wireless Headset InEar headphone Earpiece for apple iPhone 7 7 plus Samsung Galaxy S7 S8 36.99
Apple Pie Streusel CakeRecipe  25 Visa Gift Card Giveaway from In The Raw  HilLesha MeatlessMonday
Anyone else enjoying the hidden gem ads on Facebook Destiny2 Apple Facebook Read more here
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Rose Gold at 234.99 on 4GEE 5GB 24 Months
Put Days Before The Rodeo on Apple Music trvisXX
Apple TV 4k arrived only for me to find out that my receiver doesnt support 4k HDR. FirstWorldProblems
Yeah define shortly Apple like 69 minutes or more
Decided to make an apple pie  crust from scratch. Lesson learned today refrigerate your crust as long as possible or its hell to roll. 
Twitter are you going to be on apple watch soon
Deleting albums from my phone to add the Apple Music version mad annoying lol. Now I got Rich Boy in my recently added
apple phone  apple music. simple
ludicrous  Heres why Apple removed 3D Touch appswitching in iOS 11
I just ate smthg gross and greasy and i have many regrets im gonna eat an apple
Explain this dumb shit please Apple
AI Googles artificial intelligence technology has a considerably higher I.Q. than Apple s Siri virtual assistant
I think this coming weekend calls for homemade apple pie and apple crisp for me What do you think obebryant 
AppleWatch Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch  Mac Rumors
Ode to Us  EP by Gordon Victor put on iTunes and Apple Music check it out now
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
Kaylin got me in here wanting apple cider man
I fr lost all my music on Apple Music Im salty
That 1 Apple bees deal isnt in NY.
Apple iPhone 8 256 GB unlocked smartphone
the apple doesnt fall far.
i just said alexa pause apple TV and she did and technology is amazing.
Welcome to apple
I always wanted to go apple picking with my significant other and wear matching plaid shirts  have fun bonding baeless
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Black at 119.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
njay asqa main film youre the apple on my eyes ver jepang nya 3 
Greatest Hits by Tom Petty  The Heartbreakers on Apple Music
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Space Grey on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
Apple or Android. If you move to iPhone Id wait until 11.1 and hope they fix the glaring iOS 11 bugs.
Luv APPLE BLACK Youll DEFINITELY want to see his more ADULT series which will EXCLUSIVELY run in our new magazine in NOV. details soon..
Apple iPhone 7 256GB PRODUCT RED at 309.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
I work at Apple . This is genius.
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple via forbes
APPLE 
These colors make me want apple cider and chilly weather. 3
Apple bees at plaza has a dollar margarita
I never knew how many apple puns there were until fall came
Intel cofounder Gordon Moore mentored late Apple cofounder and CEO Steve Jobs.
should be doing homework but made apple pies instead 
Fresh Food has been published on Latest News on Apple products Latest Release Apps and Games 
After Spotify was announced.... uh yeah. Plus I use Apple Music service which was built up better.
Indeed but her apple is drowning
How was your music originally put on your device Are you a subscriber to Apple Music Let us know in DM.
I liked a YouTube video
Ethan had 4 touchdowns in his jv game tonight. Looks like the apple doesnt fall too far from the tree
khay let me take a sip of apple juice  now my side hurts so bad so fml
Sometimes I feel so sick at the state of the world I cant even finish my second apple pie.  Banksy Wall and Piece
Vitamin E oil after to moisturize your skin. It really works.. and also drink lots of water. u can also drink apple cider vinegar for other
My shit is stuck on the screen with the apple logo on it. At first it was small problems but now this mf a brick. Finna call apple v hostile
Win a FREE Apple iPhone 8 Cell Phone
iOS 11 is literally the worst thing that Apple could have created. How do I get the old one back
Apple Everything
Favorite way to kick off the week Pumpkin caramel and apple cider donut ice cream from FoMuIcecream boston bostonfood foodboston fall 
thanks to the wonderful apple employee who fixed my phone for me
Glad to know Apple QC is still
Some apple cider sounds good af
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Dear rappers if its not on Apple Music Im not gettin it
Apple iPhone 8 256 GB unlocked smartphone
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
I dont even know if Apple Music does that
I havent had apple bees since I graduated from college. Yall insides got to be rotten if yall really ordering meals from apple bees
Apple catchers
Please RT iphone ipad mac Tim Cook Says 250 Apple Employees Are Dreamers as Donald Trumps Decision on.
The reviews are in for the iPhone 88Plus Apple Watch Series 3 and Apple TV 4K  Apple Byte VIDEO PODCAST Ep. 102
Hey AppleSupport  writing this tweet took me lots of time thanks to the fucking iOS11 update. I hate apple engineers
Chris Are you trying to distract me from death and destruction
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
I mean. Its a 1000 phone. Apple just needs to sell 4 million phones to make their money back.
I popped one yesterday thinking today was yesterday I dont remember shit after we had apple bees
SonosSupport contd Apple Music wont play  cant submit diagnostics. Updated app and checked wifirouter which are fine. Suggestions
Hopefully getting a new blog post up tonight guys Im making an apple crumble check my last tweet for a link
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Chicken and Spinach Alfredo  Marks Daily Apple This chicken and spinach Alfredo is a
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Ireland Faces Rebuke From EU for Failing to Collect Apple s Tax Billions
Apple faces down Qualcomm Ericsson over EU patent fees
Book Art Apple  Paper Fruit  3D Apple  3D Sculpture  handmade 
Rush In 4 It All Apple  9.7inch Ipad Pro With Wifi  Cellular  ...
Apple  Whats mine is mine and whats yours is mine too. not funny 
I cant wait to get FUCKED up at an Apple bees
Stupid ass iPhone Apple AppleSupport I regret every min getting one
I dont have the music of the apple
Ahead Of iPhone X Officially Launches Apple To Announce Q4 2017 Earnings On November 2
I just entered a Polyvore contest Harvest Time Apple Picking applepicking
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
I think d cost f Apples r increasing coz f surging price f apple . Is ds productadvocacy 
At the Apple Store... Theyve got a sale for sure but theyre still rolling through the script. STFU  take my money.
Nothing is better than a 12 Pound Roast Beef with ArbySauce Curly Fries and an Apple Turnover GOD I AM GETTING HARD JUST THINKING ABOUT IT
The LowCalorie Apple Cider Vinegar Drink You Need to Try 
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
One bad apple rots the rest
USA USA USA John Wayne country. Guns  apple pie and racism. You dont talk about either.
This rotten apple didnt fall far from the tree
Another broken lightning cable  Not the best mechanical engineers are they  Apple iphonecables iPhone 
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Listening to realDonaldTrump speak is harder than swollen Apple Cider Vinegar by its self. OhAmerica
The Woodystock Blues  Rock Festival made the Los Angeles Times yesterday The 3day music fest takes place thid FridaySunday Oct 68 at Woodardville Ranch in Apple Valley. Come for the great music and stay the weekend onsite camping available.
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch. I Hate Everything.
Yesterday we were cracking up at the anti joke apple and today we signed a lease. Welcome to adulthood maile AllyTucciarelli
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch 
ad OVC H1 Air Charger Headphones for Apple Devices List Price 69.99 Deal Price 43.99 You Save 
Apple or Android
I would like some yams collard greens ham turkey Mac and cheese mashed potatoes with some gravy of course pumpkin pie apple pie and a bottle jack. Thanks
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch  Mac Rumors
Apple Picking 2017 Barton Orchards
Apple
PreoBaixoAgora Ponto Frio iPhone 5S Apple com 16GB Tela 4
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Preview of Octobers flavor of the month. Red delicious apple  caramel  cinnamon cake with
Apple Photos for macOS Review  Rating 
Just Gorgeous Check out Womens Size S Bright Apple GreenGold Shiny Paisley Texture Coat by Banana Repu
Oh and more proof that Verizon sucks You cannot activate an LTE smart watch unless youre on one of their newest crappiest plans. They say that my Nationwide plan doesnt support Number Share. Ill just have to stick with using my Apple Watch over Bluetooth I guess. Lol
I updated an iPad Air Gen 1 2 x iPhone 6S and a iPhone 6S Plus. All updated with no issues.
SonosSupport Hi  huge fan of your products but 3rd outreach of last couple months on Apple Music comparability
Feature Request Apple should color match all accessories for space gray products in black
Now I want apple butter tea.
Apple Interested in Developing ARMBased Mac Processors AppleNews TechNews Tech News Mac Share
Feature Request Apple should color match all accessories for space gray products in black
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Oh my goodness Iced apple cider from Dunkin is my new favorite thing EVER
realDonaldTrump even if you were a competent leader nothing is going to change. This violence is now as American as Apple Pie. maga 
Apple pies are good.
I meant Apple but yeah lol
I spent 9 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
make an apple cider float if u wanna be fall festive wo drinking a psl and thank me later
Rush In 4 It All Apple  Ipad Air 2 With Wifi  Cellular  128gb ...
My phone still freezes up and apps still crash even after last update does it yours
The actions of a few should not condemn the whole. One bad apple does not spoil the rest of the bag in this case. Do not generalize.
RT MacRumors Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Please dont copy Windows  apple HighSierra 
PlexPy HOMEPC mmullaney99  Apple TV started playing Two Night Stand at 1949.
MacRumors Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
How the EU Is Pitting Apple Against Qualcomm
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
I promise if Apple AppleSupport had somewhere to put a memory card like Samsung I would have all my pictures.
Apple iPhone 8 Plus Gold 256 GB Factory Unlocked  Free shipping
except jihoon because hes too young he can have apple juice
I got apple juice one time where the label read Contains 10 Juice
APPLE NEWS Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
30 Delicious Apple Recipes for Falls Apple Harvest
Welcome to Apple Jim
Are you kidding this is bad idea for an Apple nothing can be Google assistant
You have the Apple Watch
Day 2 of inktober Apple Cider. fall autumn apples applecider tradition marker 
This is why i left apple . Battery issues never seem to get better.
Mini apple for breakfast 
Federal Communications Commission FCC Abbreviated Commission would like Apple to activate the FM Radio Chip
This guy at the Apple store is so pretty omg Im in love
Ughhhh looks like a new phone. Apple at its finest
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
At what point do kids get kicked off the bus for throwing apple cores at passengers TTCnotices route 131 bus 1146 740pm.
Apple Music always taking they funky ass 10 out my acct at the most random times. Bitches
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Music could still struggle to catch Spotify  Business Insider
Even if you arent interested in Apple  you should listen to mcbramhill s wonderful MacintoshFM emoji miniseries.
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Wow we bout to be some drunk asses at crunchy ass Apple Bees
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
I think the problem is Spotify and Apple are both huge now. We saw what TLOP did on Tidal flop. BOOM next day on Apple Music.
Apple iPhone 8 Plus Gold 256 GB Factory Unlocked  Free shipping
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
I knew it was a matter of time you unrepentant Apple fanboy
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
APPLE JUICE AND APPLE PIE 
I guarantee you Motts Apple Juice is going to see this and offer an endorsement
Im going to apple bees all month long actually
I just had apple sauce followed by apple crisp
Okay looking hell nahhhh you BEAUTIFUL djkhaled voice Lol
I bet Apple is paying suburban mall equivalent rents.
Currently on the phone with Apple customer service and the lady and I are complaining about having complicated names.
My Apple Watch be getting notifications even when my Bluetooth not on from phone so how that work
Apple confirms that its investigating reports of swelling iPhone 8 batteries via the FoxNews App
My phones battery life has been cut in half with IOS11 Apple plz fix 
Apple reports 400 percent rise in national security requests
true confidence is eating a fresh af Honeycrisp apple in the middle of a smallmedium sized lecture without stopping
My trainer wants me to give up Motts 100 apple juice... Issa no for me pal. Ive been addicted for 26 years i dont need his negativity.
BarclaysUKHelp Hi I would like to ask a question about the Apple financing program
Apple iPhone 8 Plus Gold 256 GB Factory Unlocked  Free shipping
Why theres no childcare in apple s new mothership  guest columnists  adage ... 
Apple Opposition. is having a commodious summertime. The investigator heavyweight disclosed Apple Grounds its advanced 5 trillion...
Apple Watch Series 3 Medford 400
Why theres no childcare in apple s new mothership  guest columnists  adage ... 
someone go to an apple orchard and a pumpkin patch with me and lets ride hay rides drink apple cider and take cute pics together
i updated my phone and now its fucked up thanks Apple
literally tastes like an apple jolly rancher wow
Some said it couldnt be done but Apple managed to make its podcast app even worse. Bravo you evil geniuses you.
You can fetch the BSD one from Sierra sources.
Hey Apple  your new phone update sucks can I undo it
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
Purchase or Stream Bleezo  Sav Sicc New Album Twin Evil 2 on iTunes Apple Music Spotify Google Play Tidal etc
The Apple Watch Series 3 is the first to include LTEcompatibility. This means that you can now stream music and...
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Apple really does support amazingly well. Knowledgable people quick turn around and they always seem to go out of their way to help.
I just published Use TwoFactor Authentication with Apple ID and iCloud
So  would it be trivial to integrate Sonys staff and culture with Apple s
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
Sensationalizing to say the  apple doesnt fall far from the tree Could be circumstantial but then theres 45  his thugs so who knows
I take this taffy apple sale shit serious YesImThatMom
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Key Lime Apple Pumpkin
Secret to get rid of acne.. RAW ORGANIC APPLE CIDER VINEGAR.
he makes me proud no doubt.
Yeah the interface is why I fwi.. And Apple Music needs to expand on what you can listen to it on besides just Apple products
Why are Apple chargers so pricey broke overpriced help
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Forbes
Just ate my first ever piece of apple pie and actually hated it. Sorrey America 
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices  Fortune
Why arnt Iphone chargers called Apple Juice
Dear WhatsApp  Why You just copied Apple . A squirt gun Really Why Also Why
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Apple acquires Regaind and more news
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
I cant drink a glass of water a day but I sure can drink a half gallon of apple cider
New post Apple faces down Qualcomm Ericsson over EU patent fees
Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Jet Black Smartphone NEW IN BOX SEALED
where on earth did apple hide the autobrightness feature in ios11
My little brother bought his gf an Apple Watch... Im just tryna get a damn text back
juan from apple is about to catch these hands
I swear if I would have stayed with Samsung I wouldnt have these issues with Apple AppleSupport
Apple Music could still struggle to catch Spotify  Business Insider
Apple Watch Vs. Fitbit Ionic Whats the Best Smartwatch for You
Im going to make an apple crisp do some heavy cleaning and decorate for Halloween Friday
archealthreward To be in with a chance to win an Apple Watch Series 3  Simply Retweet and Follow us on Twitter Competition
jmattjmattjmatt . sad about Darren Apple s Loved watching one of the best Please get better come back to the nest Best no one like you
Always on the go Enter 2 win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Apple Musics Long Game Why Jimmy Iovine Thinks Theyre Not Even Close to Success With Streaming
Tuesday make sure you check out this Tuesday for the Tidal  Apple Music Google play release
I just checked in at The Big Apple with mPLUSPlaces Download today
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
After a while the 3 of us went up to this apple orchardcountry store that had a big farmers market taking place. It was fun
Apple can I undo the lastest update You dirtbag mfers. The shit you guys pull should be illegal. Ptuuuu last Apple product for me
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
TopNewsNow Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
HOW DID I MANAGE TO LOCK MYSELF OUT OF MY PHONE ENOUGH TO THE POINT WHERE I HAVE TO GO TO APPLE WITH PROOF OF PURCHASE
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Hate when I buy a carmel apple and it ends up being a red apple
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Who tryna be my fuckin cinnamon apple
Apple Head Obtained Charm30 IOS
HeadToHead Apple iPhone X Vs. Samsung Galaxy Note8  Page 1  CRN
Apple iPhone 5s  32GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Whats more American than Petty or apple pie or baseball.. RIP
TaloneMusic is your stuff on Apple Music love
30 Delicious Apple Recipes for Falls Apple Harvest
Apple iPhone 7 256GB Gold at 119.99 on Red Extra 24 Months contract
Check out Apple iPhone 7 Plus  32GB 128GB 256GB  Smartphone various GRADED Apple TouchScreen
Apple iPhone SE 32GB Rose Gold on 4GEE 10GB 24 Months contract with
Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Space Grey at 109.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
On panel discussing LEO and MEO audience asking panel if Apple is going to be LEO satellite player satinnovation 
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black at 209.99 on Red Extra 24 Months
Apple TV 4th Generation 64GBIncludes Accessories and HDMI Cable 115.00 via eBay
Running iOS 11 Youve gained the ability to define the doubletap gesture for your Left and Right Apple AirPods
Apple to Add 200MW of Solar Power to Reno Data Center cleanenergy Read Here
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
It will be up on the ESPN App and Apple Podcasts on Wednesday or you can listen to it right now on TuneIn.
Apple iPad mini 4 32GB WiFi  Cellular Unlocked 7.9in  Silver
Apple iPad mini 1st Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Bell 7.9in  Black
I have Apple Music
fuboTV unbelievable update on Apple TV app. Awesome
Moist Apple and Carrot Cake topped with silky smooth Caramel Cheesecake FallDessert Apple Cheese
Today your McCafCPSLatte comes with a side of apples. If you go apple picking
Apple Orchard Cool Door Creek Orchard
I thought about the iPhone 8 but Ill pass walks out the Apple Store lol
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Seems like APPLE SA201709251 macOS High Sierra 10.13 got yanked after the PGPclearsigned announcement to Apple Product Security list
Brownies and apple sauce
London Mac Repair Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
The iPhone Xs camera will take years to be copied  The TrueDepth camera system on Apple s upcoming iPhone X i...
360WiseNews  New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple  Apple s iPhone X is many things to many people but t...
Watch Diary posted by TruSol on Apple Music.
Have you been blackberry picking If so then you need my ultimate apple and blackberry crumble recipe
shout if youre around Retro in the evening I have to go see the lady in Apple Care Covent Garden again tomorrow about 530pm
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
This Is Why Spotify Is Beating Apple Music via forbes
Thought that post said chilis but it said apple bees
just had a Granny Smith apple with peanut butter like a cool elementary schooler AMA
Still debating on getting Apple Music or just keep on buying songs
hot apple cider sounds sooooo good right now
One bad apple taints media with the same brush as one bad cop does to law enforcement . Both professions are made to look bad by one member
Henceforth all of my smoothies shall contain Apple Cider Vinegar
http bit.ly2fJMRNu Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more iphonefirmware
More colors have been added to our new lacefront styles Hecate in Platinum Blonde. Keto in Sky Magenta Apple Red Mix and Platinum Blonde 
Apple sells iPhone dongle that lets you plug in audio devices and charge your handset at the same time
Bravo One were taking fire from an American drone over. EXECUTIVE rt rtravel fridayfeeling success apple
Make the switch Im pretty sure the first 3 months of Apple Music are free
15 Delicious Apple Desserts
iOS 11.0.1 me tiene las pelotas llenas con sus crashes y bugs. Apple please fix this motherfucking release you gon brick my phone idiots
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it Google and Apple report jump in requests for user data 
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev LookRev jewelry Apple 
Give it to me b
Apple TV 4K review
iTunes Top Apple This Land Is Your Land  Fear the Walking Dead
Chicken and Apple Panini Recipe...
the mood my room is giving off right now is so fallish. dim lights windows opened warm apple pie candles lit and the luminers playing
How Apple Is Giving Design A Bad Name
One bad apple does not make a tree With this logic we shud exterminate all humans they are the trigger pullers
Apple is legit saving my life right now hahahahaha
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
How Many Times Will I Destroy My Screen Before Apple Uses ShatterProof Glass A Saga
Why are Apple s chips faster than Qualcomms  Gary explains
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Nike Run Club App Updated Ahead of Nike Apple Watch Series 3 Launch
Apple is investigating reports of the new iPhone8 battery swelling. 
The Two Ways To Effortlessly Cancel iOS Subscriptions
Add target to that list. They support in app Apple Pay but you cant buy food in the store with it
I made a thing  Apple Crisp Cheesecake 1080x1080 via FoodPorn Subreddit  Courtesy of crystalshannonm. 
Just ate a Roma tomato like an apple because the fruitvegetable power dynamic is socially constructed and unfairly favors the sweet
Lunch Nut  berry salad  Dinner Massive bowl of pasta and planning on a caramel apple for dessert. What is balance
Apple Pie Streusel CakeRecipe  25 Visa Gift Card Giveaway from In The Raw  HilLesha MeatlessMonday
Apple has a new donotdisturb option when in the car. Use it. Pay attention.
2 The Four The Hidden DNA of Amazon Apple  Facebook and Google The Four The Hidden DNA
Distinguished Xerox Partner JustTech Buys Apple Valley Office Products To Accelerate Managed IT Custom App Busin
Well unfortunately the way the headphones are they only work with apple products so i have no other means to try them
If life gives you lemons make apple juice
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
I gave the example of an apple because its a strong fruit and not soft like bananas and melons
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
And Eve replied .... just eat the damn apple  Adam
Apple and Samsung have always made for strange bedfellows and a new report from analytics firm Counterpoint Techn
Users are opening their Spotify or Apple Music apps and streaming hiphop and RB tracks at nearly twice the...
Is there anything more uniquely American than mass shootings Other countries have apple pie indigenous music arts democracy etc. 1
B has to make apple muffins because he missed his food studies class last week due to plague.
The latest The The Nigerian Engine Daily
I mean I cant argue there. Way more user friendly better UI more customizable and better features. Apple Music was just a copy
The Milanese loop truly is my favorite Apple Watch band 
LRT wowza... Apple didnt fall far from the tree ..
True but I dont wanna speak about it when my country has YN barely charting on iTunes but is 1 on Apple Music. We are poor.
iPhone 8 sales mystery ends Nov. 2
Which Apple Devices Will Be Able to Play HEVC Videos
Matias Wired Aluminum Keyboard improves on the Apple original
Make sure your displays are ready for macOS High Sierra
I really dont trust Apple anymore Ive had an iPad mini and I havent been able to use it for the past few years bc of really bad ghosting
NEW Apple iPad Pro 128GB WiFi  Cellular 12.9 ML3K2LLA  Space Gray 491
Apple Macs should have autocorrect
Why Apple iPhone X is two years ahead of Android devices
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple
Like do you need to cut the apple before biting in it or can you bite into an apple just like normal people without old man teeth 
Anyone have their phone delete all their texts messages 3 times in the last 3 weeks Apple needs to release the iPhone X already
That Apple Watch chain thooo
it makes me clench my jaw.
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Cellphone  Apple iPhone 8 review
APPLE GOT A PUSSY ASS WAY OF FORCING YOU TO UPDATE. BUT IMA REMAIN BOOL ABOUT IT THOUGH.
Why isnt the song Bitches Love Me on Apple Music
Microsoft teases major Office for Mac updates public version coming soon
You need to understand  in order to understand apple business. The apple thugs dont know about maths.
Does it display the exquisite Boy with apple 
I need apple cider and jimmy
Im deciding between switching to Apple or Android. Torn  really upset about 2 years that may not get refunded according to support.
Apple to Announce Q4 2017 Earnings on November 2 Juli CloverMacRumors Page 2
Why Apple should buy Sony MacDailyNewsMacDailyNews
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
MingChi Kuo Apple s TrueDepth camera system puts iPhone X years ahead of Android competition
very spoopy dad
an apple a day keeps the doctor away
Thanks Apple for featuring travelbankhq as the App of the Day in the brand new AppStore
That 5 Apple Music be taking out my account be sneaking up on me
Have you guys checked out Pawn on Apple Music Spotify or another source
Yes can u tell Im addicted to apple products iPad ProiPad 4th gen.iPhone MacBook AiriMac
Ctfu The Fact Im Defending Apple Bees Like Issa Whole Human
Cellphone  Apple iPhone 8 review
Apple investigating reports the iPhone 8 is bursting open
Press and hold the sleep button on the side and the home button at the same time until it shuts off and then the apple logo comes on again
Apple says that government data demands have reached record levels
Apple Pie Streusel CakeRecipe  25 Visa Gift Card Giveaway from In The Raw  HilLesha MeatlessMonday
Apple replacement chargers are fucking expensive. Bought Kendrick Lamar Damn which was cheap.
New iPhone comes preloaded with details of your familys dark secrets
And Apple wants 29 American dollars
I swear to go I regret going to Apple AppleSupport
He looks spookily huggable.
Apple juice.
ur my fucking cinnamon apple
Spotify  Apple Music
From a parent of a child that had a stroke and strives to compete athletically this is an absolute inspiration. The Apple didnt fall far
Since today just sucks all around I ate pasta and Fazolis breadsticks for dinner drank a beer and made an apple cider slush. Much needed.
Oh Im sorry its not intentional. Im not supposed to have my phone at this new job Apple Watch is on my list of things to get
I spent 24 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
I spent 18 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
15 APPLE MACBOOK PRO LAPTOP CUSTOM QUAD I7 2.3GHz 16GB 1TB PRE RETINA ANTIGLARE
Going throughthe process of the scientific inquiry by investigating a variety of ways to stop an apple from browning when cut. 
an apple a day
Waiting for the kid at dance practice and side hustlin. eatmorejer ... Sour Apple Ale
Apple  Microsoft patch iOS 11 email flaw
Apple tries to get more money from u by switching the iPhones shape when its the same mohterfuckin phone
its so cute and spoopy o
Groovers Check out mralpete CUBICLEMUSICMONDAYS Extended Version playlist on his Apple Music
Samsung is going to make 4B next year for making the iPhone X for apple . Amazing.
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Other kids My dads a lawyer My dad is a dentist My dad is a cop My kid MY DAD CAN EAT AN APPLE IN 3 BITES
They dont wanna make themselves rich Theyre to busy complaining about how they cant get rich
Toy FCPX  Someone doesnt know how to use it then.
Yall not bout to bid off apple bees I tore A Wing Up Every chance I got with two margaritas
Theyve needed and still need foreign investment to feed all those people.
Apple  meet tree.
Apple I swear yall full of shit
Beautiful Great job.
frowned a little taking a bite out of his apple afterwards.
Read about our very own Janet Warner overseeing the annual Salem Apple Butter Festival 5k run. Put your running...
NEW SEALED Apple iPhone 6s 4.7 128GB MKRL2LLA Space Gray Unlocked 579
Apple iPhone 6S Plus Factory Unlocked Smartphone 16 GB Space Gray Certified Refurbished
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I believe apple had this before anyone else.
To commemorate the Apple Festivals milestone year a weeklong roster of post festival activities are underway.
Apple  potato and curry soup special . . . waterstreetstl stl stlouis maplewood soup 
I would really love some warm apple cider right now
THIS IS MY BABY MY CINNAMON APPLE 
Apple Please make it so we can feel haptic feedback when we type Sincerely Everyone who can feel
Yo Apple why are people still able to call me while my phone on dnd 
I STILL WANT THAT ET tape on Apple Music EscoMoeCity
Always on the go Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
Apple Music exclusive my guy
KGI TrueDepth Camera Gives Apple 2.5 Year Lead Over Android Competitors
Apple iPad 4th Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular Verizon 9.7in  White via eBay
Never in my life have I been to apple bees for that long
Apple has an iPhone payment plan for people who hate wireless carriers 
Apple MLYT2LLA iPad Pro 9.7 inch 32GB WiFi  Cellular SPRINT. Rose Gold via eBay
How to be less perfect  make apple pie crepes  start your day the mindful way and more in the October issue of S 
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
What if you dont want to set up Apple pay am I to be harassed until I do 
Why does my phone continue to make memories aka video collage of all my pics with me and my ex.. Apple a bunch of real assholes
do you have an andriod or apple  apple iphone 6s
VSOC up 10 EudoraHS on a penalty kick by Daniel Apple .
Apple sells iPhone dongle that lets you plug in audio devices and charge your handset at the same time
Pretty much every one with the Apple watch... 
Me too Juan 
inktober day 3 Applejack and the apple pear tree mlpfim 
I liked a YouTube video
Tecnologa Apple s iPhone X could make Samsung big bucks  CNET
Im not on Apple music yet but you can streampurchase my new EP from Bandcamp 
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
This happened to someone I know. They did something at the Apple Store and been working fine since.
im not going to even look. i cant. i love cam too much. ill start slaying people for being ignorant and i wont stop.
I guess Ill give Apple Music a try now.
Thousands in dongles by Apple
Funny Apple Macintoshpro Retina display is the way to mine.
Steve Jobs Would Be Very Disappointed in Apple .
Yall.. I lost my Apple Watch. Omg. Real tears are falling.
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices  FORTUNE
Luxury Bloomingdales the App for Android and Apple
3.1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510 5820974944 5923078164 0628620899 8628034825 3421170679 8214808651 32823066n apple
Yall a bunch of bitches Apple buy an iPhone 7 a year ago and my charging port is fucked and yall trying to send me some shit
I didnt even know they changed the Apple Music picture 
Apple  get your shit straight I dont pay a shit ton of money for your software to have bugs  wtf
Apple Sun God Guess what kinda mood Im in ... New Metro Boomin NBA Young Boy  Harold
I won 50 credits for free phone calls. Super cool Chance to win an Apple Watch Gift Cards etc. Get Dingtone at
i really love apple but its like theyre crippling me from doing whats necessary for me
Microsoft teases major Office for Mac updates public version coming soon
yep but Apple seems to be first with Qi multiple device charging
Apple pies for Thanksgiving The trees paying off... only if I can
Damn Daniel back at it again with the.... Apple 
Apple iPhone 4s  16GB  Black Factory Unlocked Smartphone  Perfect Condition
Apple iPhone 4S Sprint A1387 16GB  Black
Red McIntosh caramel apple pop
Caramel Apple Tea This luscious dessert tea has hints of crisp apple  sweet cinnamon notes and creamy undertones.
Omg Im so happy with my new iMac more apple products baby. Thanks gilbertfranco0 ur the best
boewing Thank you for uploading the Taylor Spotify Playlist to Apple Music. You were my savior.
persianprlnce didneyland has a worms and dirt caramel apple I NEED IT 
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Wink on the Apple part of course .
fuck apple knows im gay now
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
We made another one episode 2 on apple and SoundCloud
Will it be available on canadas apple store soon Thx
pozelaceen October aesthetic Softly curled hair dried white flowers the smell of apple cider grey...
Pumpkin Apple
Display Release on apple CAST
New pizza on the menu for this Fall Sweet potato pure whipped goat cheese apple  spicy
Man who tf eating at Apple bees In 2017
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
The Apple update literally makes me want to destroy my phone. Soooooo slow now
October 14th is canceled.... guess Ill just listen to theweeknd from my house through my Apple Music 
i think the fuck not you trick ass bitch pumpkin picking haunted houses scary movies football apple cider you couldve said any of those
Apple has to write software for a very limited selection of hardware.
I will never again say that HiddenObject games are unrealistic puzzles. Can YOU find the halfeaten apple my toddler hid on us 
argh. Be it major or minor I am not used to this from my Apple device and its frustrating.
If he did. Youd be dead. Liam bit his apple .
Lets see if Apple will help me idk
duuuuuddeee a caramel apple sounds scrumptious rn
problem shall be eliminated from your worries. But please contact Apple Care so we can repair the touchscreen for your pleasure
can someone send me a good ass playlist from apple music that they made or something bc im in need of new songs LMAO
Somebody really made an SU Homecoming playlist on Apple Music
The apple doesnt fall too far from the tree. I dont get it ISIS makes sense because they are nothing more than soulless cowards
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Daniels Wine 1958 Zinfandel Overwhelmingly pearcucumber with connected notes. Enjoy with Baked Apple .
Amazon UK Hot News 7 AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable  0.9 m ...
Just Tapped WhiteStreetBrew Kolsch catawbabeer Riverkeeper Apple Sour Ale
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
My first goodcalloftheday for the year We are tying our buildingwide calls this year to our instructional focus of justification She worked hard to explain to me why each apple should be on her tree iamnps focusedschools proud 
ClevelandCavaliers ALLinCLE AllforOne Roku cuts price on top streaming player to counter Apple TV
Author stephenkampff
bruh my phone is mad fucking slow fuck you apple
Most corporate entities dont accept Bitcoin as payment now including Amazon and Apple  and Bitcoin is doing great
TribeTown Indians ClevelandIndians Roku cuts price on top streaming player to counter Apple TV
Really finna cop me an Apple Watch
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Jony youre truly the most human and least robotic Apple executive.
Today your McCafCPSLatte comes with a side of apples. If you go apple picking
So furious at apple for silently killing the Playlist feature of their podcasts app.
Apple and pen
After the Huskies beat the Cougas in the Apple Cup we will be happy to provide a little payback in the Pac12 Championship game for you. 
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Hang in there Tom. . . . . . . . . . . tompetty autodesksketchbook apple applepencil 
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
Display Release on apple CAST
Its hella drain the battery of Iphone lol lol what happened Apple
Bet Next paycheck cinnamon apple
The cake is a lie
A Bite of the Big Apple  New York Sports seg. 1
Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus In India
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Got myself a glass of apple cider... it is spooky month my dudes
Apple s iPhone X Facing Production Delays Thanks to 3D Sensor Issues 
thanks Twitter for getting rid of the app for the Apple watch ... I love the hideous logo
A Bite of the Big Apple  New York Sports seg. 1
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
SETTING UP MY APPLE WATCH
its a good question could they decode VP9 in software on Apple TV I dont know.
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Genetics.... when the Apple s fall close to the tree REAL close
Dang is this just on apple 
I had more Remy and apple juice
Apple 
me thinking aloud to a coworker holy shit this apple cider is doing me good...wait ...no ...the pain meds I took are kicking in thats it
I liked a YouTube video
Apple  why dont you fix the real problem 
15 APPLE MACBOOK PRO LAPTOP CUSTOM QUAD I7 2.3GHz 16GB 1TB PRE RETINA ANTIGLARE
A Bite of the Big Apple  New York Sports seg. 1
apple bees have 1 margaritas for the whole month  thats my move
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
ÎÄeBayÎÄ New Apple iPad Mini 2 With 32GB WiFi Silver 4 Months Apple Care Warranty C 269.99 0 BidsEnd Date
Have you ever had a apple fritter  Blue70517 Manic37 johnritz1390 Samu94Paige PatHeagerty TravisJonesWWE ReneeYoungWWE 
honestly steve jobs dying was so bad for apple . theyre really making all the wrong decisions with their products
A chillin case idea bone apple tea 
Nintendo Please dont lick Switch carts but we did make them taste awesome wink Apple  Please do not swallow iPhone
You may have to acquire new skills and possibly relocate. Are you willing to do these things
Apple confirms that its investigating reports of swelling iPhone 8 batterie
PS  150 less can go towards Apple Care
Apple iPad 4th Generation 16GB WiFi  Cellular ATT 9.7in  Black MD516LLA for 145.00 with 29d 23h via eBay
Soon Apple Music will come to the same conclusion.
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
This weeks CUBICLEMUSICMONDAYS Extended Version playlist is available on my Apple Music
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Even worse With Google  Apple censorship of News  Information twitter to Brake Americans will SRY.WRONG ANSWER WE JUST GET STRONGER  
Kelly just tried to light the bong with her Apple TV remote....
http tinyurl.comyay7c566 PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch  iPhone
Come Over feat. Lanae Gray  Single by Rondoe on Apple Music
Fall is upon us fall farmersmarket pumpkin spice apple picking instalike instagood instafall l4l f4f
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
timcook AppleSupport What happened with the possibility of open multiple PDF files in Preview Only for images from now on Apple
2mixedshop BlueRay Light Case For Apple iPhone 7 7 Plus 66s 6Plus
Can insurance intermediaries learn from Apple  EdBroking insurancenews
I dont want yo apple pie no mo
Chilly days beg for baking  apple  pies. michiganweather michigan baking applepie harvest 
AppleSupport Apple why does it take a rocket scientist to recover a forgotten Apple ID password DAMNNNNN
They are apple rings that students top with low fat yogurt granola and fruit
Julien you can buy Modem Router verse ARRIS NVG589 Motorola for 24.00 on
Check out Apple iPhone 5C 8gb 16gb 32gb unlock GRADE A MIX Smartphone GRADED Apple Bar
Apple doing a T Swift move o
Gotta love apple picking. Unfortunately by the time we post this we will have already eaten all
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. 
News on
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
apple Acknowledges iOS 10 Backup Security.... technologyfacts spygadgets hrtechnology
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
or is it a sign of extreme apple fan boyism jprev21
If it were up to me it would always smell like a Pumpkin Apple candle from Bath and Body Works for the next month and a half
Random Nicca Aye blue dress. Her Keeps walking. Random Nicca Wuddup doe Her Stops. Turns. Looks him up and down. Walks away. Random NiccaOh its like dat...Fck u u ole stuckup apple head spongebob squareface azz btch. Dont nobody wantcho azz anyway.
Yes I hear you. Sadly for now the closest solution to that is Apple Music which lets you upload your own downloads to the cloud
Apple YO GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER BRUH IOS 11 is shit.
Who wants to go to apple bees
Microsoft teases major Office for Mac updates public version coming soon Read more
 Apple iPhone 7 128GB GSM Unlocked Smartphone Multi Colors is now on
Update had to have my phone replaced by apple today. The new update caused an internal malfunction and left my phone unresponsive.
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices  Fortune
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices Fortune ÎÄ
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
Turn
im to cheap for apple music
man Apple really screwed up app searching via spotlight in iOS11.
If anyone wants to buy my iPad Pro and Apple penicil lmk
Apple Store Liberal Tantrum Heres what u have. Transgenders are going
might as well create my playlist now on Apple Music.
Dear Apple customer care fix this SENSITIVE ASS swipe problem on this update. I cant do shit on my phone. Thank you
Apple you should have an update where even the normal size phones you can turn your phone and the apps tur with it
Apple AppleSupport once again.... yall are poo cheese trash
Five years after Steve Jobs An apple with the courage to.... technologyfacts technews
Apple will launch this year iPhone 6S 6S plus 6C These days technology is constantly touching new heights. You
Im so tired of Apple Music
Please RT beauty makeup skincare Natures Essence Lip Rich Intense Moisturising Stick  Green Apple ...
Here are the best smartphones you can buy right now Whether its Apple s iPhone Samsungs Galaxy Note8 the Goo...
I liked a YouTube video
AS  IS Apple IPod Classic White 20 GB A1059 PARTS  REPAIR Price 6.50 View and Buy this ...
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more  
nothing out there.. Jenkins playing like 1st team all pro. DRC having solid year except that bad tackle Apple gets a D grade so far.
I want a apple fritter
Apple s promoting app in the UK peo.
AppleSupport Apple Your iOS 11.0.1 SUCKS  now my phone routinely shuts down  restarts automatically ATT ATTCares CBSNews CNN
Apple ...HATE the AppStore update. HATE HATE HATE Just me iOS11 AppStore
Dear Joe The next time you eat an apple  youd better check that its not an orange. Because clearly you dont know the difference.
iancollinsuk To be fair to penguins  giraffes it must be tricky to tell the difference without the Adams Apple . Was that racist
you see black men on the street. theyre twice your age but they look like youths whereas you look like a deflated apple skin. why why
Queensland Railways 2170 class Wikipedia article edited anonymously from Apple
apple juice break
Thats awesome. French are very tech savvy... most of my French exchange students had apple products in pre2004.
London  Apple Store Covent Garden Sherlock Q  A2014 02 04
Last month The Green Apple Podcast hit a record high for downloads  FischBooks  RecoveringCPA thank you so much for all the support 
Studying urology with my new Apple TV 
Apple I was wondering why Apple Music does not play my sons offline. Even tho I downloaded them.
Everything we expect from Apple s big iPhone event  TechCrunch
With victory often comes complacency and in Apple s case it comes in the form of design without thought...
Apple my phone doesnt work The screen completely doesnt work even after resetting it a thousand times. So much for improving stuff...
Dear Google Just get it over with and make a PC already. Apple cant even run chrome with 8GB of Ram and...
that apple fritter  maple bar lookin sexc as fuck rn
I literally eat apple crisp like the world is gonna end soon bc it actually probably will
Please RT recipes food dessert Sticky OvenRoasted Apple Cider Barbecue Chicken
canadian as maple syrup american as apple pie
Youre the Apple of my eye
The Apple logo on the iPhone symbolises the rotten apples they use to feed slaves and yall buying the new iPhone 8 mxm
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I cant overstate the imp of Apple opening NFC to devs Detect NFC tags and read messages that contain NDEF data
What the F does the kneeling have to do with tthis Crazy. The kneeling is about senseless murdering of black people Cmon Apple and Mars
Follow me via Apple
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Trump plan aims new foreign tax at Apple  other multinationals
I want an Apple Watch I want a new car I want a house I want a dog. I want everything. Lol
Lol she deleted it. But please dont let her ruin the whole left for you. She is a bad Apple out of many decent ones. A very bad apple
The Swedish meatball recipe Im doing calls for cinnamon and nutmeg so the apartment smells like apple pie and LIES
Good lord which idiot at Apple decided that I cant turn on bluetooth from the iOS control Center when in airplane mode
Dang it I lost my Apple TV remote again.
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple
Apple iPhone 8  space gray  4G LTE LTE Advanced  64 GB  GSM
Apple is at least two years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
Check out  Apple deal from O2  Apple iPad Air 2 32GB Gold at 69.99 on O2 4G Mobile Broadband Refres...
Apple confirms that its investigating reports of swelling iPhone 8 batteries
Download MacOS HighSierra.DMG  Installer.ISO  without Apple store  Macdrug
Ima need Apple to go ahead and release AirPower because Im tired of charging my devices with 3 separate chargers.
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
A Divided apple to share  Day 02 of inktober2017  Screwed up my schedule had no inspiration so I drew quickly very late xD inktober 
Ive been debating the last month My vote is an Apple Watch you can do so much more with it and it will last longer than a fit bit
Apple seems to think screen ratio is the most important thing. Also is OLED really better than LCD with true tone Dont think so.
Apple  Microsoft patch iOS 11 email flaw
Special offer for the day of German Unity 2017 MeYouWe for FREE in the Apple AppStore and on Google Play.
Fruit loops or Apple Jacks for dinner
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst
Whats yall Apple Music names need new music
If you are a fan of JamesPatterson  enjoy GLIMPSE OF DEATH rt ebook SocialMedia rtravel Free Amazon apple
You wont see me coming. THE WATSON GIRL SoundCloud rt G1 rtravel fridayfeeling success Amazon apple
Its apple season.
Apple Acquires AI Tech That Can See a Photos Aethetics
Get U signature design with LookRev homedecoration Apple 
so this wee guy comes in n am geein it ma usual n hes lit right apple sourz n runs off to the toilet so a pour it out
I want some apple pie
thats why apple messing up the way my photos were sorted is freaking me out
i left my wallet at home but thanks Apple for applepay what a lifesaver
Download Idol Champ at iOS  Apple Play Store  Android VOTE NOW GOT7 for the win
How about all of my ipads
APPLE IST BESTE
eats apple 
The sad part is politicians use this misinterpretation as the platform for their allAmerican  Apple pie and Chevrolet constituents. fuck
See cider donuts dont fly in our house. My sons got an apple allergy.
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
be the apple to my fork
Wanted that new Apple Watch right. Stainless steel but it only came in lte. Ill stick with my series 2
Ready to witness our girl katyperry on her return to the Big Apple  witnessthetour 
FIONA APPLE  WHY TRY TO CHANGE ME NOW
9to5mac Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more  
Apple confirms that its investigating reports of swelling iPhone 8 batterie
When will Amazon Prime Video come to Apple TV
True  Knowing Apple  they wont rely on Samsung for long
Youre my mother fucking cinnamon apple baby211
If you removed all the empty space from the atoms that make up every human on earth the entire population could fit in an apple didyouknow
Im so disappointed in Apple I need this fantasy emojis before Halloween dammit
Apple Photos is an Editors Choice for free photo editing software. Heres why
30 Delicious Apple Recipes for Falls Apple Harvest MomDoesReviews
A poison apple not great to eat but great to look at Grab a print
YASSS Its time for a great show Trav  Giveaway coindrop apple
Apple s iPhone X could make Samsung big bucks  CNET
I didnt realize that they changed to green Skittles from lime to green apple flavor but I wholeheartedly support the decision.
Apple s iPhone X is two and a half YEARS ahead of the Android competition but it is still
yeah I feel like he just put something together for the Apple Music deal he had just signed
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Pumpkin Apple Pops for a FUN Fall Snack  Raising Whasians AD
Cal made an apple pie at work today and sent me a video of how excited he was about it. I have the purest and sweetest boyfriend.
Apple juice and fruit snacks on me all night itslit
Excellent Apple MacBook Pro 13 Laptop 2012 i7 2.9 750GB 16GB Sierra SALE
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
Apple Pie Cupcakes with Brown Butter Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Sorry DVEllice  Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst  Mashable
Love when the new iPhone update breaks my phone Thanks Apple
And also I do haunted houses in SC and there are apple pumpkin places in Monroe cause I tried to go last year and it rained
Brand New Sealed Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Space Gray Black Sport Band 200.00 via eBay
I use all of em...Tidal Apple  Spotify and SoundCloud
Mom Level Bringing a few apple cider donuts to karaoke.
Macaron ice cream sandwich you are the apple to my pie beninetyscool macaronmonday 
MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
PSA when you update your iphone it erases your debit card info for apple pay
Kenwood  CD  BuiltIn Bluetooth  Apple  iPod and Satellite RadioReady ...
For lunch I had a whole bag of hot cheetos and an apple ... balance is key
craving iced apple cider rn
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple ux uxdesign
From the fallmenu the Steve Jobs calvados white and amber rum cinnamoninfused apple juice
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree.  Martin Luther Thats a mindset of success
How come Apple computers last 5 years but the chargers last 2 is truly the hot dogbun question of our time.
Apple iOS 11 is horrible and I hate it.
Apple releases iOS 11.1 beta includes only a few minor changes
Apple iPod classic 5th Generation White 60 GB Pixel Lines Engraved 38.00 via eBay
Apple to report Q4 2017 earnings on Nov. 2 first glimpse at iPhone 8 sales expected
i just made not one but two 2 apple pies
My love for mcdonalds apple pies is growing exponentially
Apple Music really played me bro
NowPlaying on KFMRadio LED APPLE  TIME IS UP
. Apple has reportedly withdrawn some of its staff working at a microLED lab in Taiwan
If a law is making the situation worse like most drug law in the US then yes. You scrap it. Apple s and fucking Oranges dude.
AppleSupport Apple after upgrading to 11.0.1 my iPhone 6 Plus battery died  all the apps are too slow. When r u fixing this
And those fuckers at Apple should waive their cut
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
BAD APPLE WARS I FFFORGOT
You know what Apple  Fuck you for deleting all my photos what the actual fuck
I liked a YouTube video
TonyGrossi any buzz around trading Kizer to Oakland for a late round pick to give Sashi another bite at the apple 
Nike Run Club adds Audio Guided Runs elevation support for Apple Watchonly workouts more
FBASS VF4J in Candy Apple Red. baixonatural em QG
this summer 2017 negatives My harddrive broke and I lost ALL of my music which made me resort to apple music My laptop ports broke 
iDrop News is giving away an Apple TV in October enter to win now.
Apple is years ahead of Android competitors with the iPhone X says analyst by Brett Williams via Mashable
Dog Day Fun At The Apple Orchard 
Snapchat been loyal to apple the whole time I swear lmao
or ft or anything rip 
Apple exclusive on the beats1 radio its actually pretty good as well
The Apple Watch is Now a Standalone PhoneAlmost
Life as told by Ginger  naijagirl93 and apple for the
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark APPLE WATCH SERIES 2 38mm Aluminum.
This iOS update is the absolute worst one theyve ever done. Ughhhhhhhhh I wish I could go back Apple
Heres the luminous Apple watch dock that I printed for chrissquared96  
katrinamonk happy apple  sad apple
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices  Fortune
when u open Apple Music and see the inconsistent headers 
New Apple Watch really comes in clutch when I lose my phone 17 times a day
Used Apple iPhone 7 Plus  256GB  Black Unlocked Smartphone
Homemade Caramel apple pies baked inside a Granny Smith apple
Computerworld Apple  Microsoft patch iOS 11 email flaw
Apple picking season
Well still have sc
Apple so Im still paying my Mac off and you wont fix it but last time my screen was playing up you fixed it no problem whats that about
Please RT beauty makeup skincare Natures Essence Lip Rich Intense Moisturising Stick  Green Apple ...
Nah. Was fresh alone apple . I just like that scene. Cooked apples are 100 safe.
Apple investigates reports of iPhone 8 splitting open
Honeycrisp was just the beginning inside the quest to create the perfect apple
Why Apple iPhone X Is Two Years Ahead of Android Devices 
Beside him another man lay flipped over on his back eating an apple and reading a beatenup pulp magazine.
Hm no iPad or Apple TV Just having things scheduledyelling at Siri to turn your fucking lights on is
The iPhone X is being released on November 3rd because November is Apple season Apple can you confirm this
While Im probably not opening a bakery anytime soon Im happy with my first ever attempt at making apple cider donuts. 
lol we cant text anymore 
I dont know how well break it to the Apple family.
How the hell do you catch a whole apple in your mouth
Trish I am a recovering apple user
Gino Skarz on Apple Music
APPLE MacBook Air Intel Core i5 11.6 4GB 256GB SSD Layout RO
I predict Microsoft will partner with Apple s FaceTime push users there then kill Skype.
Please RT iphone ipad mac Olympic Athletes Requested to Cover Apple Logos During Opening Ceremony Because
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac 21.5 2013 Desktop  ME086LLA  2.7 GHz Core i5 8GB RAM 1.12T
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
New on Ebay for the United States Imac Apple iMac A1224 20 09 Intel C2D 2.0GHz2GB160GB HDDEl Capitan K345852
Google set to dominate apple  amazon and samsung in the race for the best voice assistant 
Silicon Valley Apple has come to the point where is dominates the processor space
Apple iPad 3rd Generation 32GB WiFi  Cellular ATT 9.7in  Black... via eBay
In the Apple Store ladies. About to leave if I here the white woman next to me say Operation system 11 instead of ios 11 . One more time
Russ I had a biscuit with apple butter yesterday morning. It was glorious.
Need someone to cop that Apple Watch for a young king
Picked up my cindeRYNNa from school today. I told her she could have a apple when we got home. She said what...
Guinness Stout Mocha Chip Pumpkin Cheesecake Chai Tea Mascarpone Fig Pistachio Baked Apple  Cocoa Nib and MORE at SilverLake today
Excuse me Apple update how the HeLL do I navigate my Spotify music on my lock screen 
Should I leave my apple for tomorrow morning orrr eat it now bc Im getting hungry again and need a snackie
I dont want your apple pie mama
I cant wait for this one
Apple MacBook Pro A1398 15.4 Laptop  MGXC2LLA July 2014
Nvm Im cussin jit out...prefab Apple playlist I thought I was gone get some Jam Pony
youll just have to go to the Apple store and charge your phone there. Its the only rational solution.
You dont use a lotneed location services. I would try that and see if it helps.
Again even a new Apple macbook cant handle Excel... 
in apple
Apple sweetie Im so sorry that an ugly ass bitch like this would do something like that oh my god
SEAGULL SUMMER is FREE for your Apple device
Neither Android brother Apple is Junk
Seems that many users are asking a redesign for this emoji because it looks very different than the Apple one. What do you think 
Shiroe gifted her an apple brandy he made his legs and lowering evasion
What do I have to do carlcheryAM  Hand me a blueprint.. How can I sign those papers at apple  Bless me with a deal
You will always be the apple of my eye NationalBoyfriendDay 
Hey Apple AppleSupport when i get a notification from certain apps on my watch. The icon doesnt show how it use to on watch os3
...Fine apple  sounds terrible.
Be cool if I had some one to go to the cider mill with really craving some apple cider and donuts
Apple put an upgrade out to fix the issue. Go see if you have an update for new software
Apple doesnt actually care about its customers.
I brougbt out my pumpkin apple candle
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET
Apple releases iOS 11.02 update for iPhone and iPad
My iPhone starts acting all weird when apple comes out with a new one. Coincidence
I am actually seriously considering going back to my 950 xl. Its WAY less buggy than I remember when I left. iOS 11 doing Apple 0 favors.
I agree mines not even a year old It helps quite a bit if you turn off backgroud app refresh and turn off location services on the apps
The Shacks in Apple iPhone commercial singer  song
Apple releases iOS 11.02 update for iPhone and iPad
I found a bottle of apple vodka in my trunk...wtf Idk who that belongs to
In the mood to drink copious amounts of hot chocolate and apple cider
Im an apple jelly kind of girl with my PBJ.
Current Mobile Gaming Trends
Apple releases iOS 11.0.2 with a fix for crackling audio on iPhone 8
A signed Eli Apple signed black matted Ohio state buckeyes helmet.
I cant wait to get my Apple password back man...this stuff is killing me slowly.
Green lime THAT CHEATING RED APPLE  WHORE
Wed like to see how we can assist. Was this purchased at an Apple Retail Store
We are letting Amazon and Apple avoid taxes invade privacy and destroy jobs says NYU professor
There was until Apple decided to be a dingleberry and remove that feature
An apple a day keeps the doctor away...how about a gallon of apple cider ciderweek CUSciStory ScienceCabaret 
Man Apple really screwed the pooch on iOS11 with their ApplePodcasts app.
I see Apple hasnt updated their install speeds. A 48 megabyte update doesnt take 30 fucking minutes.
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET Update should correct
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET
 AAPL Alibaba Is Back In A Buy Zone How To Play Apple  SP 500 Futures Now on
Apple why cant i turn this gay ass auto brightness off
Who else hates how complicated apple devices are
People just now realizing Apple ripped them off
3.27 and half an apple
ALWAYS GONNA BE UR FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE BABES
Okay Apple  I appreciate what youre trying to do with SmartInvert but it has more bugs than an ant farm. accessibility apple iphone
An apple a day keeps the doctor away but if doctor is cute forget the fruit.
One taste of the Poisoned Apple ...and the victims eyes will close forever...in the Sleeping
Just got a notification about a transaction on my card thats at work and almost went off but its just Apple Music 
I didnt wear my Apple watch to the gym today and its the most uncivilized thing Ive ever done
youre the apple of my eye. nationalbfday 
Wtf Apple all my damn songs I use for alarms just randomly go silent Time to buy a old school clock bc I cant depend on my 900 phone
An apple pie...
He had to do this himself or had a very good friend. No reputable gunsmith is going to go to jail for turning a semi into a full auto.
I cant forget Apple Juice thats a great drink. All time classic. Fits well with almost anything.
So is Apple gonna release iOS updates every week or something cause this is the third update for the new iOS 11
Apple Watch 1st Generation 42mm Aluminum Case Black  Good Working Condition
apple cider  pumpkin spice Doe Donuts
i got my bosses secret apple cider recipe because he uses a secret ingredient in his mulling spices
Google and Apple back together again via sengineland article
Its tough...Im also considering my options but I love Apple products and its hard to break away from a such great ecosystem.
I really want a caramel apple
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
Pro tip If you find new Dropbox redesign disguisting use it with standard Apple interface within the Files app OnlyApple 
Apple picking season is almost over
Oop thats on your Apple Watch
APPLE iPhone 8 Plus  64 GB Space Grey
Me too. I almost lost two 40 minute Keynote WOTM shows because of the new file system.
Mathias Kiwanuka Aaron Ross Kenny Phillips Hakeem Nicks JPP Prince Amukamara David Wilson Justin Pugh Odell Flowers Eli Apple Evan Engram
I spent 45 minutes working out with Apple Health. 195 calories burned. LoseIt
http bit.ly2wwBfRc Technology Spotify and Apple Music Kill Again  Motley Fool 
I would have to give an apple back to the store just to get out the negatives
Lot of 10 Apple iPhone 6  Locked  SOLD FOR PARTS ONLY  Space Gray  Gold
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Always on the go Enter to win an innovative prize pack  Apple Watch Beats by Dre  more from GA  DunkinDonuts 
I have received iOS 11. Thank you Apple . blessed
He looks so soft and mushy and cuddly my smol sweet cutie warm apple cinnamon pie 
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC devandaar  Apple TV started playing Vice Principals  The Principal.
Why is my Apple remote playing music on my Mac instead of pausing Netflix on my Apple TV
Apple bees played them selves with dollar margs lmao the ratchets tryna fight servers
Welp guess better prep to sell a kidney to get a new laptop since the latest upgrade by Apple bricked my vintage MacBook Pro...
Verizons not much better I have zero service half the train ride from Framingham to Boston.
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone
I asked the teacher if injecting apple juice would turn you into an apple or kill you and he said it would kill me so thats plan b
Broke my 7 in a week too lol
Come to campus outreach at north hall at 805 to win an Apple TV and a new tv
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Apple glazed pork tenderloin is an easy weeknight meal thats full of flavor a Apple 
timcook after 6 hours of normal use my Apple Watch 1st gen os4 had 20 battery life. Apple store tested it and said it was healthy
Significant locations are encrypted and can not be read by apple 
FlippinKath I dont boycott Apple . iTunes was always horrible when I had to use it.
My amazing girlfriends home made apple crisp. Its absolutely amazing jessicaoakley
We beat the crowds and checked Apple Hill off our fall bucket list
she bit it like it was an apple omg
I Want An Apple
i really wanna go to a pumpkin patch or an apple orchard or a corn maze u kno
Zelle is only available on your smartphone through the Apple Store for IOS and not available for international payments.
Who is preparing to buy the iPhone X and cant choose a COLOR indecisive iPhone8 iphoneX apple  aapl iPhone10
tech news Apple releases iOS
oh hEck i need to cancel my Apple Music free trial
so i didnt have any tuesday selfies so heres sum pix of me eating my apple tuesdayselfie GraysonDolan EthanDolan 
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Hmm home made Apple pie smells so Good 
RT rbrosemer ad Pumpkin Apple Roll Ups quick easy and delicious fall dessert Yummy seasonal recipe collection
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Gold Unlocked Smartphone 400.00 via eBay
I knew you meant actual lights. But Apple s Portrait Lighting is the first of its kind.
gruber and Apple users  are the new MacBook screens as nice as the new iPad Pro Getting spoiled and annoyed moving back and forth.
Apple releases kernel source code for iOS ARM macOS
An APPLE a day keeps the DOCTOR away
My mom made apple crisp Moms are the best
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
The Real Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar
Apple s iOS 11 was released two weeks ago and now today they have released iOS 11.0.2 that fixes some minor issues.
Ive been using my apple tv to show writing examples and also to help them through apps. Its been a lifesaver with google. bcstech
Orange juice vegetable juice watermelon juice and apple juice are amazing for your skin. Drink a glass a day
I will You organize the basement and Ill made apple bread. Deal
The latest Chelsea FanCast downloadable from Apple PodcastsITunes
Apple core
Almost sliced up an apple instead of a pepper to go on my pizza... I need sleep asap
Apple your update is a fucking joke. I cant get in touch with my mum in USA. Never iPhone again BYE
Does Apple really no longer sell the old 2015 MacBook Pros anymore Not even refurbished versions Fucking hell.
KGI TrueDepth Camera Gives Apple 2.5 Year Lead Over Android Competitors In 2.5 years Apple should have just about caught demand.
The 10 countries where apps like Venmo and Apple Pay could replace cash sooner than you think
After 2.5 years I still cant get Apple Watch Siri to recognize relationships. Cant handle Call my wife.
With Apple always securing component supply for themselves it gets harder for other premium makers to secure supply except for Samsung.
Green Apple skittles are fine on their own but they contribute nothing but despair to the bag as a whole. Lime played well with others
Apple Pie Oreos are vomit and I regret buying them
Apple MacBook Air 13.3 Laptop 256GB  MQD42LLA  June 2017 Silver
Article Apple reportedly looking into pair of iPhone 8 Plus with split screen from swollen battery  cont
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Why he attacking the apple tho  
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold at 49.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree in that family looking back at the MB NDP leadership chaos that happened a couple years back
Apple iPhone 7 128GB Gold at 214.99 on Red Entertainment 24 Months
Btw how was the rugala and Apple tart Finally figures how to respond Lol
Apple MacBook Air 13.3 Laptop 256GB  MQD42LLA  June 2017 Silver
Apple iPhone 5s 16GB Silver on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months contract with
Anything but Apple
My great aunt used to make apple doll heads all the time.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Black at 379.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Jet Black at 414.99 on Red Entertainment 24
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB Rose Gold at 239.99 on Essentials 24 Months
The best part about apple is the beats headphones.
Article Apple investigating reports of iPhone 8 splitting open  Apple investigating reports of iPhone 8 cont
Love this Sargento smart snack because it sounds amazing. Turkey apple and cheese all rolled up ad SargentoCrowd
Nothing there is bad. My favs include a pork belly taco it kills Also try the apple guacamole
Life is beautiful If you never tasted a bad apple  you would not appreciate a good apple . You have to experience life to understand life. 
Bestand 3 in 1 AirPods Apple WatchiPhone Stand Review
Work just started selling a bread that tastes like apple cinnamon pancakes. It is amazing.
Another day another os update. Good for you Apple .
Yummy Apple Butter Glazed Ham
Great now this 11.0.2 iOS update wont let me listen to iTunes samples. Get it together Apple
Apple TV but rarely use it. Would love ideas bcstech
Apple would like to remind the FCC that it cant activate imaginary FM radios that iPhones dont
Didnt know I could learn so much about apple Cider . Awesome to see how enthusiastic this speaker is regarding their work. CUSciStory 
Apple can you make a keyboard that lets me type the names of Pokmon without hideously autocorrecting them
Apple I want to decide when my WiFi gets reactivatedhint when I decide its needednot have it done for me. Are you TRYING to lose me
ooh my god... mm... i llove this sweet milk apple berry pie with honey.. ffu... shingo grumbled as he crammed in more of the sweet mil
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple Employees Testing Apple Pay Cash Internally in iOS 11.1  Mac Rumors
They say the apple dont fall too far from the tree
Planning to give my opinion on Apple changing to ARM for macOS devices
Apple Music Aaliyah has more than one album I need all albums of the queen to be available on Apple Music Thank You
Join Robinhood and well both get a share of stock like Apple  Ford or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
iMovie if you have an Apple device 
Now while this chicken cooks Im gonna eat some APPLE Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Youd need a crypto guru for that. But theyve already been debating that since Apple announced it last year.
If you think apple cider is best drunk cold what demonic presence has overcome you
With its proprietary tech Apple serves itself...
I do it with apple juice
Bitch you dont work for Apple  you work for Concentrix shut the fuck up.
Tattooed Women of a Certain Age Bound Together By Fiona Apple sounds like a Reductress headline
Shouldnt your I phone charger be called Apple Juice
Thank god...first time Im actually going dub on an anime lol
apple and some screen protector store has blessed me today
Samsung because apple is shit
Anyone have an Apple TV or a Chromecast What do you think How do you use it bcstech
I was legit talking about dat shit today honestly apple bees fucked up lmfao imma be in there happy as hell like
Id be all in for Apple cloud storage of all pics and videos if ATT didnt suck so bad on NH Seacoast. What a scam in 2017.
Dear timcook . Rumour has it that you receive hundreds of emails from customers and read all. Apple can help. Please reply in person.
KGI Despite production delays TrueDepth camera puts iPhone X 2.5 years ahead of Android competition
Inimitable  Your mothers apple pie My skill
Then you must have apple pie and enjoy it too xoxox
Apple pie
You can get these
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Butter Glazed Ham
Ready for Apple cider and donuts
HandsOn with the iPhone X Apple s Most Stunning Yet
How Apple and Amazon built moats to stave off the competition
Yep its true  i think that they wanted you to buy new i phone 8 
ani wanted water instead just of apple juice and then asked for an apple for dessert
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Mine too. I went from 90 to 30 in an hour. Sent and received 5 text messages. Didnt do anything else. Unreal. This phone is fairly new
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
New Apple iPhones come with exclusive Jio benefits  Economic Times
So all of you upgrading to the iPhone 8 have even a first Apple phone you could give me Verizon style
im about to get out of my house for the first time all day to get apple jacks from walgreens .
AppleSupport Hardware quality is declining first my iPhone but no my 1 year old MacBook too. Quality over loyalty. Apple you breaking my
Hey isaiahmosher  my mom just texted me and said I should receive a package tomorrow. That package would be... Apple ...Cider...Donuts...
Apple nothing
And apple picking
Apple makes yalls phones go haywire right before they release a new one so youre forced to go out and buy it I hope you all know that
No Apple Isnt Slowing Down Your iPhone to Force You to Upgrade
so u got apple music or what bitch
Apple get youre shit together
Apple Store packed regardless of what time you get here.
No Apple Isnt Slowing Down Your iPhone to Force You to
Apple cofounder Steve Jobs died from complications of which form of cancer Stomach  Pancreatic  Liver or Bone 
This needs to be shared the entire week of the Apple Cup.
Getting an Apple Music subscription was one of the better decisions Ive made in my life
I kno Belkin is rly good but theyve done me wrong 3x in 1 month lmao. AND I got the screen protector car charger from the APPLE STORE
Apple s Appeal Its Sexual
I fu ordered 2 Apple watchs because they told me my first one got canceled so now I have 2 coming my way
Im so tired of apple at this point im thinking about switching. AppleSupport
Caramel Apple Butter Latte Are you kidding me I am all over thiscant wait to try one
Apple s Appeal Its Sexual
With millions of FaceID  Apple might soon face a USAgov order to turn its new unlocking system into the killer app for masssurveillance .
So to Daniel at the woodland Apple store for making the long process so much more pleasant DeservesARaise
Ok but why was 90 of Daniel Caesars songs taken off Apple Music
I think apple be fucking the phones up every time a new generation come out
Black Carrying Leather Case for Apple 38mm SmartWatch Price 9.43 View and Buy this item on eBay ...
opi big apple red is the sexist red color ever
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET Update should correct
Apple s Hidden iPhone Payments Option Offers Easy Financing 
No he apple
Big Apple tonight 
In love with my Apple Watch 
Thnx
realDonaldTrump Guess the apple doesnt fall far from the deuchebag ImpeachTrump WholeTrumpFamilyCorrupt
GordonRamsay Chef Ramsey my attempt at your pan roasted pork chop with warm apple and radicchio with a pan vinaigrette 
nw apple of my eyes
Kieran Apple has just released wireless charging dont you want wireless charging
I created this Fall Apple Cider inspired palette from Younique I cant get over how gorgeous
Apple iPad 9.7 5th Generation Tablet 32GB A1823 Space Gray U.S. Cellular via eBay
Listened to almost all of ONE OK ROCKs album on Apple Music but still havent heard any Japanese version of them tracks
Apple Picking in Toronto  The GTA
i need a boy to go apple picking with crave pumpkins with and go to the fairs with me and fully enjoy this fall
Apple Music suggests that I listen to Taylor Swift 
How the hell does he still have have his teeth after having an apple thrown at him 639387 times
i hate apple
Ever since I did the new update on my phone my battery life sucks thanksapple Apple
Im also going to be heating up some apple cider and rocking a messy bun. At least itll be October in my house. Outside...mehhhh...
Perfect gift Handmade wood docking station Lamp with phone storage and Apple watch dock charger.
i need to find my apple watch
They do what they do best..Hillary is Trying to politicise gun control .he same gun control pushers are the same AntiAmerica as apple pie.
date to apple hill I think yes
He was Adam I think I was Eve... but my vision ends with the apple on the tree
did i rlly just make a korean apple id
Took Monday off and went apple picking. 
I am looking for a Apple MacBook charger. The box part. Lol private message me
David brought me home cough drops popsicles my two favorite kinds of icecream soup 3 different medicines and apple juice. I love him
Still dyin for a rose gold Apple Watch.
thats apple s gun emoji
Yup .... so where in the constitution does it give you the authority to force them to spend it on what you want
Its official my ears just arent apple earbud compatible.
Hey Apple what is the matter with the volume bar up in the right if when I change the volume the usual square still blocks the video 
Add to Reading list is one of the best options Apple has made..
Please RT iphone ipad mac Apple s Services revenue climbs 18 due to strong App Store performance
Ive got a good topic should I sell all my apple products and buy non Apple stuff talkRADIO
Bacon sandwiches  apple pie. It is so a legit meal. Im eating it at night. Ergo supper.
SELLING THESE ACCOUNTS BRAZZERS SPOTIFY NETFLIX HULU NAUGHTY AMERICA MLB NBA PANDORA BANGBROS APPLE MUSIC  MORE DM IF YOU WANT
Straight Talk Prepaid Apple iPhone 5S 16GB CDMA Smartphone Gray REFURBISHED 96.00 via eBay
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi Unlocked 9.7in  White MC982LLA
Apple iPad 2 2nd generation Tablet 1GHz processor 16GB Wifi White READ
Apple iPad 2 16GB WiFi 9.7in  Black MC769LLA
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces I would still plant my apple tree. Martin Luther 
My Apple Watch has told me to breath five times in less than an hour. This was a mistake.
ive seen my dad mix apple and orange juice together and i still lose sleep over it to this day
Apple Orchards in Knoxville and East Tennessee
Apple Watch is dope
Apple MacBook Pro A1398 15.4 Laptop  ME294LLA 2.3 i7 16GB 512GB 2GB nVidia
imma need my apple music to stop putting me in my feelings when im trying to get lit
Change that bruh . Half of Apple updates is buggy as hell. Im sure others complaining about it also so u probably see a new update soon
Nikkei slips as tech shares Apple suppliers fall North Korea concerns
apple slices
jack how do i scam apple to give me more yen then what i paid for i remember u did this for tetora and i am so incredibly desperate
PrimeVideoAUNZ timeline on the Apple TV app
Apple AirPods White InEar Only Headsets 160.00 via eBay
http goo.glCQryvf Apple Watch watchOS 4.1 Beta Now Available To Developers. Whats
inktober day3 poison Beware the poisonous apple ...a love story at its core iwenttraditional interestingshadows K12ArtChallenge 
my grandma made apple pie
YouTube wont let me upload with FIOS best internet and best Apple computer . They wont Dr Wilhelm Reich to exist. cancerresearch 
RT Morroko17 RT awimperia  Apple releases iOS 11.0.2 
Today would have been my Grandpas 101st birthday so I made his favorite dessert apple piein his honor 
Heres a real classic since Apple Music doesnt have it for listening Tom Petty  Breakdown Live 1985
Fuck Spotify I need Apple Music back
Day 3. Poison inktober inktober2017 poison apple witch SnowWhite By M 
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
Mix yourself an Apple Jack now
That time of the year when apple iPhone starts to work reaaaaalllllly sloooooooooo
You know what Jessica you are you really are this is a good brand that Apple sells in they store how do you do this
Like clockwork the new iOS completely ruined my iPhone 6. Thanks apple
When they eat all the food so you have to eat an apple for dinner 
Apple TV 3rd Generation Digital HD Media Streamer  Great Deal  49.99 via eBay
Potato soup and apple crisp this week. Finally feeling like Fall. Basic
My phone has been doing the exact same thing
NikeRunning hi after updating the app its no longer work on Apple watch how to solve this issue
Apple Should have an option to send to email  WTF
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree. In fact they are hanging side by side
New post Why Apple rival Samsung also wins if iPhone X is a hit
US Tech companies like Apple  Fitbit Samsung... may get easier access to the healthcare market
An apple a day keeps us moving newcitygetshealthy fruitbowl 
Blind apple tv 4 netflix users are you finding that VoiceOver isnt reading episode descriptions anymore even with hints on
Apple Watch Series 2 Discounted up to 170 at Various Online Retailers
I spent 18 minutes working out with Apple Health. 217 calories burned. LoseIt
Thank you Apple photos for showing me best memories from years that just make me sad now.
Candid Phat Apple Booty Latina
Apple Brandon just restocked Apple AirPods Get em before theyre gone
Apple bees aint fucking around this October. Straight shooters
There profit margins are low because the middleclass wages are low. The Walton Family is worth billions.
Drinking a Monteiths Crushed Apple Cider by monteithsnz Gumdiggers Cafe 
Podcast Analytics Can Apple Really Deliver New Data with Meaning
Okay now AppleMusic I thought the lyrics were  Apple Phone Prada Case.. kill a weave rock a lace  iamcardib 
well Apple gets to do whatever they want with their apps and we can wake up with notifications too just not when casting.
Check out Vintage Jasco 1980 Koala Bear Bisque Porcelain Bell Red Apple Basket
didnt break. This yr its breaking L. Collins isnt playing at the level he did last yr Apple has regressed from his ...
Theyre afraid apple ...afraid of your true power level
Apple why are you acting like this is something new iOS11 Apple 
Slideshow Do Apple Cider Vinegar Remedies Work
does anyone know how to put a permanent tap of ice cold apple juice in my kitchen like a beer tap but with apple juice
Just realized I wont be able to listen to the baseball game because Apple decided power jack headphones were a good idea
i see that apple bottom hanging out da g string .
Whats your on Apple Music  Klairagone
4 Oreo Apple Pie Sandwich Cookies 10.7 Ounce Oreo Apple Pie Sandwich Cookies 10.7 Ounce by
Even if he would leave dignified. He is a real man an intellectual. I hv no respect 4 praise singers  apple polishers. Proud IbeKachikwu
Dude Me too Sour apple is always better than lime.
BusterESPN u ready to play some baseball dude Its our year dodgers nword wii going to da motha Luvin fallclassic cityoflancaster 1
Apple s iOS 11.0.2 update for iPhone and iPad is out  ZDNet
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
JaelPatricia ate a whole avocado half an apple  and a handful of goldfish for dinner
No gun on the market is easily converted to a full auto. Yes it can be done but it requires actual gunsmithing knowhow.
Try a honeycrisp apple  my favorite No thanks needed
apple out here w no buttons face id wireless charging and moving emojis but cant even make group facetime calls
On the eve of the Google Pixel 2 event YouTube shows iOS some love YouTube iMessage Google iPhone Apple
the apple doesnt fall far at all
pregnant craving apple pie 
healthcare Continua Health Alliance Announces Certification of First Mobile Solution Suitable for Apple Mobile...
biotechnology Continua Health Alliance Announces Certification of First Mobile Solution Suitable for Apple ...
Bdubs or Apple bees damnnnnn
biotechnology Continua Health Alliance Announces Certification of First Mobile Solution Suitable for Apple Mobile
biotechnology Continua Health Alliance Announces Certification of First Mobile Solution Suitable for Apple Mobile
M A Continua Health Alliance Announces Certification of First Mobile Solution Suitable for Apple Mobile Devices
Heres a sneak peek of the new book about Amazon Apple  Facebook and Google
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Apple finally fixes that crackling iPhone 8 issue with iOS 11 update Brett WilliamsMashable
Apple s big risk iPhone X the most radical iPhone ever MacDailyNewsMacDailyNews
I never knew that I didnt know so much about apple cider CUSciStory 
Update Apps for iPhone X  iOS  Apple Developer
NowPlaying Future Ft. Kendrick Lamar  Mask Off Remix on SouthernXRadio  Download and rate the FREE app for apple and android
Last time I checked McDonalds doesnt sell sparkling apple juice and thats all I need
Apple Valley husband missing since September
7 ways to design for the new iPhone X via invisionapp
Apple Valley husband missing since September
New iPhone X Rules Expose Arrogant Apple
Are we really shocked This has become as American as apple pie...much of it due to the cowardice of men like Ryan...beholden to gun lobby
You can go back to IOS 10.3.3 before Apple stops signing it. Youll only get your backups from IOS 10.3 though
Apple s iOS 11.0.2 update for iPhone and iPad is out  ZDNet ZDNet
Apple Valley husband missing since September
Ever since I got IOS 11 my battery life has SUCKED.
Apple Youre very intelligent. I lost my iphone and I attempt erase him but I need put verification code that was sent to my cell phone
busts out the Apple cider its fall bitches
An apple pie.
Because chemicals which is in everything. People might freak if an organic apple came with a list of all the chemicals in it.
The Best Apple Cider Doughnuts in New England  The Thrifty New England Traveler
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
Apple MacBook Pro A1398 15.4 Laptop  ME294LLA 2.3 i7 16GB 512GB 2GB nVidia
Apple Watch Series 2 42mm Gold Aluminum Case MNPN2LLA 1 year of Apple Care 279.99 via eBay
BRAND NEW APPLE WATCH SERIES 3 SPACE GRAY ALUMINUM BLACK SPORTS BAND GPS 450.00 via eBay
I can always count on Apple Music to know what Im needing to listen to 
Wish Apple would make a console so I dont have to deal with Microsoft when my XBOne crashes.
I feel like going to the MOMA on Sunday then apple picking Monday Lol FeelingAdventurous
Apple execs reap more than 19M each in vested stock bonus
Apple fixes iPhone 8 crackling earpiece issue in iOS update  The Verge
Lowes leverages Apple s ARkit for new apps tech ar vr work retail
Im so glad I went back to IOS 10.3.3 before Apple stopped signing it.
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece DTI
An apple a day keeps the doctors away. bot
Spotify and Apple Music Kill Again  Motley Fool
Does the Apple store charge to put on a glass protector for you The way that Best Buy does
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla executive
Update Apps for iPhone X  iOS  Apple Developer
Lmao Apple is so stupid
im really feelin fall this year carving pumpkins apple picking leaves falling trick or treating...
Follow me on Apple Music  To check out the type of music I listen to my favorite records albums  more
Apple should know by now idgaf about a new phone coming out I ride with my phones until the end
Sixteen NM teachers vie for the 2018 Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching
New Open Box Original Apple AirPods  White MMEF2AMA Genuine Airpod
At Tropical Smoothie Cafe we use over 1000 pounds of Fresh Green Apple each day. AppleFacts NationalAppleMonth NowThatsAlotofApples 
At Tropical Smoothie Cafe we use over 1000 pounds of Fresh Green Apple each day. AppleFacts NationalAppleMonth NowThatsAlotofApples 
At Tropical Smoothie Cafe we use over 1000 pounds of Fresh Green Apple each day. AppleFacts NationalAppleMonth NowThatsAlotofApples 
At Tropical Smoothie Cafe we use over 1000 pounds of Fresh Green Apple each day. AppleFacts NationalAppleMonth NowThatsAlotofApples 
Amazon Will Blow Away Apple In Race to 1 Trillion Valuation Galloway Predicts
my Apple Music is finally back
u got apple music
mostly water slight amount of apple juice. maximum regret the upset stomach comes from not having eaten for 2 day and finally having eaten
When apple made there logo... i dont know what the fuck to say
Apple Music trash  plus with Spotify premium you get Hulu paid for free
theyve already claimed responsibility for the bruise on the apple i ate earlier
I feel like Apple will react and black out the notch in cases where it makes sense. Its clearly their market differentiation for now
Colette what the hell is he talking about
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
Project Zero Over The Air  Vol. 2 Pt. 2 Exploiting The WiFi Stack on Apple Devices
Apple update fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues
I now have a watch apple applewatch applewatchseries3
NowPlaying Apple of My Eye Clean  Rick Ross feat. Raphael Saadiq Listen live on our free app 1037Thebeat
For all you Apple Watch lovers out there time to upgrade.
The Apple Watch Series 3 is the first to include LTEcompatibility. This means that you can now stream music and...
Dont worry the highlight of my day was when I saw my mom packed me a salad for lunch instead of a apple
Whats not to love about apple season 
Yes The Payment Request Button Element is new and it makes it easy to support both the Payment Request API and Apple Pay on the web.
Have you ever been to Apple Annies in Willcox Stephanie Dunlap has a sneak peek at what you can do and disc
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
Thanks for telling me The apple pie pizza looks bomb af
Apple update fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues CNNMoney CNNMoney Apple update fixes iPhone
apple kiwi fruit It tastes good 
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET Steven MusilCNET
Apple fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues
Apple fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues
im trying an apple tomorrow
An apple
I cant believe today is my last day at Apple . Blessed with the opportunities they provided me. But Im excited to start my new job
Zapheads postapocalyptic box set 99 cents for Apple and iTunes
Apple needs a visionary CEO not an Ops person. Cook is a brilliant man but hes a COO not a visionary
Fam I dont even give my phone number. You want to FT Heres my Apple ID
damianekf why cant I find you on Apple Music  
At this fair about to get me a candy apple . I wanted one so bad.
Tonight was all about Apple Juice  Pizza.
Currently cutting apple support did this into my arm
My dad tried to tell Al that the apple pie he bought was healthy because it had real apples in it
I bought on impulse the newest nicest Apple Watch I could find proving once again Im not to be trusted with credit cards tuesdaythought
unrelated but I thought of you yesterday the guy giving the workshop at the Apple Store in Osaka had a Shure boom mic thing sound was
And its dumb cold out and Im wearing a crop top cause Apple weather lied
Have you ever seen a charging cord that does both Apple and Android Well CordsofSteel charges both Stainless Steel and Amazing
Apple iPad Pro 10.5inch the important change will come in 2018.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
damn Apple ... ahhaha it took me half an hour for a 609 min vid im not sure if thats too much or normal... considering i have a monster PC
Apple II
Ever since I purchased quality headphones I get irritated listening to music with apple earbuds
Apple iPhone 6  16GB  Space Gray Verizon Smartphone 189.00 via eBay
Coming to the Apple store is a nightmare
Doug really took a pic in Apple Bottom jeans  posted it like it was cool.....
Its fucking bullshit You have to be out of work to spend that much time with Apple .
Yes Apple gives a sht about you. Youre not just a consumer.
iphone Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold Verizon Smartphone
Your air freshener smells like fireball. You mean cinnamon apple ..
TopNewsNow Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
HOW DO I GET APPLE EMONIS ON THIS PIECE OF SHIT DEVICE THIS ISNT GOING TO WORK.
soundtrackofourlives Stream it on Apple Music today buy it on
An apple
The iPhoneX will be the first BlackSwan of Apple s decade pool apple technologies fintech survey
Keep swimming Dont be intimidated. Youre doing great.
Has Apple addressed this yet
apple
Window  Single by Coach King on Apple Music
Except Apple s not really prefixing IPSWs with that anymore since IPSWs cover multiple devices.
Whaaaat
I just found out that susanjantz is making me homemade apple sauce and wow this day just got infinitely better
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
Google Pixel 2 Apple iPhone 8 Presents Strong Competition 
Purchase YoungGully New Album San Pedro Sula available now on iTunes  Apple Music now
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
PSA For those who dont know I literally just found out MeanGirls is on sale for 5 on iTunes Happy MeanGirlsDay  Thanks Apple  
 Apple is really bad at design
The Real Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar
LauvI Like Me Better  Degri I Scha Remix 10.10.2017 On Spotify and Apple Music artist 
Apple doesnt fall far from the tree...
So long GrooveMusic and Zune . Not sure if I go to Apple Music Spotify Amazon Music or what
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
NBCNews thank you for your live stream on Apple TV
Very true... I dont know how I functioned before I met you
Samsungs Galaxy Note 8 presses Apple to the edge of a cliff  Ireland  The Times  The Sunday Times
Photos Pumpkin and Apple Celebration at Billings Farm  Museum
APPLE AAPL ranked 1 out of 30 in the Dow 30 ranking
So yeah there are phones that cost less than 100 but Apple wouldnt be suing them if we were talking about a couple of bucks.
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
Ba humbug He was white Christian terrorist He probably loved his mamma apple pie  base ball
HOMEMADE baked Apple slices with cinnamon
London Mac Repair Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Tonight I made one more batch of Red Raspberry Apple Jam. So delicious Plus two meals. Batch
Lately Ive been making salads with spinachkale apple Gorgonzolasweet and spicy pecans oil and balsamic for dressing. Does this help
Apple IPad Tablets 2 3 4 Mini Air Air 2  WiFi Only  16GB 32GB 64GB 128GB Price 399.99 View ...
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest Juli Clover
Apple juice is definitely better at room temperature
An apple .
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
New Open Box Original Apple AirPods  White MMEF2AMA Genuine Airpod via eBay
Heres a sneak peek of the new book about Amazon Apple  Facebook and Google
Maybe it should be the same way for guns that are easily converted to automatic.
sad to say but the focus isnt on those who are responsible. a bad apple can spoil the whole basket of fruits
Apple iOS 11.0.2 fixes static noise issue affecting iPhone 8 8 Plus earpiece
I hope you guys keep up the killer season honestly except this week Bc coughateweek  Itll be an exciting apple cup this year.
Apple s Hidden iPhone Payments Option Offers Easy Financing
Ive gotten two off amazon for my car and theyre all shitty Apple needs to make one and Ill buy it.
Our delicious mini pies are available now in strawberry rhubarb apple or pumpkin Just in time for Thanksgiving 4 pies per package 
Apple MacBook Pro ForSale Excellent condition. Free Shipping. 8GB RAM. 1TB SSHD .
Apple MD827LLA EarPods with Remote and Mic  Non Retail Packaging  White
JailJared JaredNotAboveLaw Apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom ring Apple 
grazi for the apple JBabsSportsChic
Can Apple Cider Vinegar naturally whiten your teeth
Apple Boom Timeline 19091910  Frank Lloyd Wright designed two local apple boom villages fro promotional...
Apple update fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues CNNMoney
apple bees
I added a video to a YouTube playlist
Apple Watch Series 3 surpasses competitors and becomes top performer.
Apple still cant use GIFs as wallpapers Might as well call iPhones flip phones
IT IS HONEYCRISP APPLE SEASON FOLKS
Dear Apple  please make a product that has a battery life of over 14 minutes. Thank you.
so thats where you stash the apple sauce
This one
I really want an apple but im also allergic to them
walked up in the apple store reekin of weed 
In the near future well on y be able to communicate through sevices. Actual human contact will be outlawed by the Apple iCourt.
U have to watch for Apple next patch. Dont rush to do every software upgrades. The saying goes if its not broke dont fix it  IT guy
New iPhones Breaking and iOS 11 Problems What Happened to Apple 
Apple releases second iOS 11 update in 2 weeks
Apple acquires patent for ARcompatible 3D printing system  3Dprinting  tuandesktopmetal.com  3Dprinter 
Self portrait around the corner from the Apple Store Soho. Who is the ominous figure next to
Apple releases second iOS 11 update in 2 weeks
RT iDropNews Apple s Hidden iPhone Payments Option Offers Easy Financing applenews
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Music App shows whats trending. Dont want that. Actually shows song titles that offend me.Can I disable No. This is Apple s phone not yours
iPhone 8 Plus Augmented Reality Apple AR is a HUGE step ahead
All I want is a working phone is that too much to ask Apple Im loyal i turn my head at Android I give you my coins every iPhone release
Reasons I love October  Halloween  No sweating  Playoff Baseball  Spooky Scary Skeletons  Apple Cider  Everything is haunted
I liked a YouTube video
the apples of tee tees eye Saratoga Apple
Apple where Not I assume cupertino
ion know what apple did with this new phone of mine but my phone aint been on the charger since last night
This update is fucking up my Bluetooth Apple Music everything
Apple Im unable to share contacts via text out of contacts. Known issue with the new iOS
Too many bugs in iOS 11. Smh Squash them Apple .
This is a brilliant thread and its too bad the doinks at Apple will never read it or comprehend it.
Apple s Latest Augmented Reality Updates Will Shake Things Up for Brands
Funny everyone I know who has been in PLP refers to it as the worst thing they ever did.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
whats ppma pen pineapple mango apple 
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
After Apple  Europe Goes After Amazon For Alleged Unpaid Taxes 
Apple update fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues CNNMoney
Apple investigating claims of iPhone 8 splitting open while charging
Fuck Apple Im getting a flip phone
apple doesnt deserve to be insulted like that
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
Well why not wait until Apple comes out with one That way you can pair it with your iPhone you dumped us WindowsMobile users for
Good man lol no I was just amazed and the lengths some people will go to to try and stop our kodi. Can you imagine some telling Apple they cant make iPhones . Just a crazy post hence I just had to put it out there
Can my friends like create Apple Music accounts so I can see wtf they listening to or what
Hot apple pie on a one of a kind charcuterie board. oneofakind Thanksgiving 
A HighlyBiased First Look at the Apple iPhone 8 and ATT Customer Service  uber.la
Im swimming up stream Im a middle aged Canadian mom who works with an art school. Lol
Ugh lets call apple  see whats up
tbh it just clogged the drain maybe ill try an apple next time 
Google and Apple are Leading the world. true
Breaking I updated my iPhone iOS and now my battery life is WORSE THAN EVER Oh my mistake thats just evergreen news Apple
Rotten Apple always makes me feel some type of way
What we really need is mental health care reform says the smirking dried apple doll working to kill everyones affordable health care.
Does anyone use apple cider vinegar on their face
equipment searches of locked Apple iPhones Erin
Update Apps for iPhone X  iOS  Apple Developer
My phone is acting up so much Apple
Thats a beautiful apple .
my iphone is a brick again updated to 11 0.2 and now the apple logo remains on the screen. DAM Apple really went downhill.
Apple iPhone 7 256GB Black at 324.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
MTAudioProcessingTap is yet another 99.9 solution where the missing 0.1 means reinventing the wheel. apple ios macos
Yall going crazy over these 1 margaritas at Apple Bees
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
My cousin laughed at me bc I drink apple juice with my choco chip cookies instead of milk...well SOME of us are lactose intolerant u heathen
As my final point Qualcomms profits plummeted 40 last quarter without the royalty payments from Apple . Why do you think that happened
Apple MacBook Pro A1398 15.4 Laptop  ME294LLA 2.3 i7 16GB 512GB 2GB nVidia
Hey Apple  why should I keep buying the latest iPhones if my current one gets glitchy after every new release Oh...
What role did your disdain for Apple play in you attempting to push the agenda for the establishment of blanket warrants for 
Apple Store guru tried all that stuff. Didnt work.
Gout Cure  Can Apple Cider Vinegar Cure Gout In The Foot Get The Answer Here
APPLE IPHONE X SLIM ELECTROPLATED METALLIC PROTECTIVE HYBRID CASE COVER
Apple iPod nano 7th Generation Silver 16 GB BUNDLE SHIPS FREE 74.95 via eBay
Need some apple cider stat
my galaxy s6 took a big old poop today so ive decided to take my talents to apple and buy an iPhone 8 plus teamiphone
Apple want you to upgrade
PASSITAROUND Itunes Apple Music
iOS is still a little buggy to be the 11.1 release or maybe Apple wants me to think I need a new phone.
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
lol thanks  Im gonna watch it tonight I have the fox app on my Apple TV
says the one who drinks apple and mint tea
drawing in the apple store is cursed because i didnt know that it would reset after I dont touch it for 2 seconds 
Apple s Hidden iPhone Payments Option Offers Easy Financing
3 Apple iPhone 6 Space Grey 32GB
5 Apple iPhone 6 Gold 32GB
At least right now we have a chance to fight back. See TenneseeShooting and countless other rampages stopped by a man with a gun.
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold Verizon Smartphone
Apple Music bill due YouTube red bill due Verizon bill due rent due life
Say theyre collecting data on popular search terms. You search for pixel. Your phone tells Apple the third letter is x
So many apple trees I wonder if any would come to life to throw them at ya BreathoftheWild NintendoSwitch 
Just press record on the apple watch rocks and heres why
Definitely You can really taste the apple  almost like a mix between cider  a caramel latte.
Apple pie baaaaaby Marionberry pie baaaaaaaaaaby
WhatsApp makes its own unique emojis  that look similar to Apple s
I smell home cooked food. Its been a while. Omg I can eat. Hopefully they made it gluten free..or its back to water  an apple .
Dont want Apple Radio Too bad. Its on your phone  were deleting Genius Playlists frm yur phone 2 push U towards using Radio instead 11
Miss Emilia Reh turned ONE this week so we decided to throw her an  Apple of my Eye birthday party
Apple  Microsoft patch iOS 11 email flaw. Some users of mobile devices running iOS 11 have been receiving error...
kaleighaannette or apple pies
They got dollar margaritas at apple bees
alexlindsay Ihnatko reneritchie Apple Watch digital face with a seconds. Is this what you were looking for 
Shortlisted for 2018 iOS would probably get it December 2018.
ive been to 3 malls the apple store 3 times my parents house twice im dead
Thinking about buying Brumar Series 2 Apple Watch Lab Diamonds Bezel Insert Rhodi
Caramel Apple Upside Down Cake
New Apple TV Dash US edition working overseas
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Apple trials allowing publishers insert DoubleClick ads into News
Ive downloaded this one song on Apple Music and listened to it multiple times a day. Wait forSkip to 125
I cant search for any apps without typing the full name
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
apple sign been on my phone for a hr
Kind of like driving. We regulate that quite effectively.
en Apple Bs.As
Apple Watch Nike 42mm Series 2 Aluminum Case BlackVolt Sport Band
Apple picking this weekend
Apple AirPods White InEar Only Headsets
After Apple  Europe Goes After Amazon For Alleged Unpaid Taxes 
Apple AirPods White InEar Official Air Pods Wireless Genuine
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple iPhone 7 PRODUCTRED  256GB  Unlocked Smartphone A1660
i just want apple music am tired of using shitty tubidy and spotify sucks asscrack
RT iphoneinformers NYC Sunset Eve  Apple MacBook Skin Decal Kit
Apple Airpods Wireless Earbuds Brand New In Box Authentic Sealed For iPhoneiPad
apple pie
10 Apple Cider Products For When Youre Ready For Fall To Be Here Already . If you cant get enough apple cider...
Omg then Apple lied to me
You know what I love most about all my Apple products That theyre all kinda broken
Yea it takes a massive federal background check a special tax and at least 20000 dollars to purchase a gun over 30 years old.
If someone wants to attack a concert they will attack a concert. Same for a marathon office building church etc.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
well my dude the apple doesnt fall from the tree if the pie is cinnamon
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Augmented reality set to become next battlefield for Apple and Google
Attending the Australias International Cyber Engagement Strategy Apple Sydney
Apple Watchs Upgrade to Micro LED Technology Is Imminent
Wireless Apple headphones really freak me out
Everything Google Needs to Change About the Pixel to Compete With Apple and Samsung
In my house we have a dozen donuts an apple pie banana pudding 4 gallons of ice cream and an entire cake.... and Im not mad about it.
Graphic4You Gym Motivation Quotes Training Thin Slim Rigid Hard Case Cover for Apple iPhone 7 
U rich RT c0uture  I really hate those wireless Apple headphones
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
ohsnapjbsmoove the crown royal apple commercial is DOPE
If I can buy Apple products from Best Buy I should be able to get them fixed there
TN Festivals
Apple has presented us with with an update in which u can screen rec but wait dont worry becuz snapchat tells u if u use it anyways 
Dad bought an Apple Watch commercial ever.
I need a girl to carve pumpkins go apple picking and all the other Fall festive things with
Wait.....is this all of the apple bees doing his special
Really feels that SpaceX is the  Apple  of the aerospace industry.
Starbucks praises Apple Pay Setup Screens Unearthed in iOS 8 is a mistake.
I got the new Apple Watch by which I mean I taped an iPhone to my wrist
Ohh so its about being cheap and you got apple devices How inconsistent.
Walmarts profit margins are only around 3. They pay wages accordingly.
SOMEONE COME WITH ME TO AN APPLE ORCHARD AND CORN MAZE. whose in
Apple  Microsoft patch iOS 11 email flaw. Some users of mobile devices running iOS 11 have been receiving error...
SteaknShake please keep the caramel apple shake year round
Please like and retweet to join my campaign to get Apple to give us SpookyGhostEmoji2k17
In addition to that Qualcomm demanded that Apple used Qualcomm chips exclusively in order to qualify for discounts.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET
Dear Apple . Would really love a Saturn and Jupiter emoj. Also maybe a Big Dipper The use of them might encourage science convos
 A way to get Sierra 10.12.6 from Apple  Maybe
32 YOU WAS MY BABY MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE 
i need OfficialTink to put dont tell nobody on spotify  apple music
Hey FullTimeDEVILS is the podcast on apple 
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple execs reap more than 19M each in vested stock bonus
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest. I Hate Everything.
So youre okay with getting blown to shit like those little girls at the Ariana Grande concert
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple MacBook A1534 12 Laptop 2015Intel Core M 1.3GHz 8GB Ram 512GBGOLD
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Yea Apple wtf
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Just realized that Apple podcast app now has 1.5x speed option. In unrelated news this weeks FirstMondaysFM podcast was great
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET Update should correct
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Visit Mimecast at stand B20 in the CyberSecurity Zone at IPEXPO  Stop by and enter for your chance to win an Apple Watch IPEXPO
Peace out Android Im happy with my new iPhone TeamiPhone Apple iPhone8Plus
How far does the Apple fall blog
Apple is a con
Apple USB Superdrive MD564LLA Price The Apple USB Super drive is a sleek and compact optical drive ca... 
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Gold at 89.99 on 4GEE Max 3GB 24 Months
DeeperShadesDownloadTuesdays FREE DOWNLOAD Apple Jazz Time Shift
No offense to St Olaf intended. Remark directed at Paulsen. Bad apple .
Apple iPhone 5s 16gb 
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold at 24.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24 Months
Apple sucks lmao
The apple of my eye has a worm inside
3 More Things I Love About the Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Plus
Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Gold at 304.99 on Red Entertainment 24 Months
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise
He traces a careful finger up from Tonys adams apple to the fine end hairs of his chin You could never be ungay kissing to me.
CanonFavPic its apple season 
Apple releases iOS 11.0.2 with a fix for crackling audio on iPhone 8
http Sebule.com   Apple iPhone 8 128GB COAST Apple iPhone 8 And 8 Plus 64256 GB
Apple s iPhone 7 7 Plus bestselling handsets in first half of 2017
His father went to prison his father in law should be in prison apple does not fall far from tree
New Printable Kelloggs Coupons via Wild for Wags  1.00 on any TWO Kelloggs Apple Jacks ...
New Printable Kelloggs Coupons via Wild for Wags  1.00 on any TWO Kelloggs Apple Jacks ...
New Kelloggs Coupons to Print via Wild For CVS  1.00 on any TWO Kelloggs Apple Jacks Corn ...
Catch them in FLORIDA DISS TRACK JUST DROPPED ON APPLE MUSIC GO COP
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest 
Im really trying to figure out why apple made the headphone jack and charger port the same place.
Seriously Who even comes up with this shit I need to work for Apple
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
iStrap 24mm Leather Ammo Strap Black PVD Steel Screw in Tang Buckle Watch Band for Apple 
New Kelloggs Coupons to Print via Wild For CVS  1.00 on any TWO Kelloggs Apple Jacks Corn ...
Got my new MacBook And had to learn the hard way that the USB ports dont charge your iPhone. Apple why do you do this to us.
I sure hope so. This is awful. Ive had to restart my phone at least 20 times today.
Audience Q Is there some type of purist way to eat an apple  HH Eat it whole right off the tree. IFOAOwenSound  at Owen Sound  North Grey Union Public Library
What fruit do you eat the most often  Apple .
Display Release on apple CAST
Tsp of Baking soda in water or apple cider vinigar.
Actually it does make sense. The entire Apple lawsuit is based on the fact that Qualcomm charged a percentage of the iPhones selling price.
You go Collete Dont take any guff from smart assets.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
timcook 3 mos 2 visits to Genius Bar 3 calls to support 10 hrs still no resolve this 30 yr customer is done Apple
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Im at Apple Deer Park in Deer Park IL w macprince
Follow me on Apple Music for all my tunes and playlists
We always went with apple headphones kr7s and then some senheiser studio mix phones
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple  jacks
Lol I dont care about them. I just know come Apple Cup well do work. A doesnt concern himself with the opinions of . Real Dawg ish
need a boyfriend who is as excited about new apple products and ios updates as i am
Dinner tonight is simplecheeseburgers and lima beans. But desert is apple crisp redemption
I liked a YouTube video
Cannot wait to bring friends home to experience apple fest and jims pizza this weekend
Apple iPhone 4s  16GB  Black Sprint Smartphone
Well it is Apple .
MacRumors Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Bone apple tea IJGAbrett 
Dont break your face trying to outdo the amazing apple catcher
Apple Music is worth it so far
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Apple picking requires a hearty Elevation Burger lunch.
Across a variety of hidden dimensions you are dismayed. John Lennon hands me an apple  but it slips through.
Decided to leave the iOS public beta. Two hours of Apple support chat later and Im manually redownloading all my apps  setting up watch
httpwww. youtube.comwatchvhGoZLQ lRjF0  An eternal green apple eternal green apple
When the Moon hits your eye like a big Piece of your grandmas apple cobbler  still hot and handcrank vanilla ice cream THATS Amore 
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Moms familyfamous apple pie. Be jealous. Side note theres no pie emoji...someone
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Oh my god. What a great start of the morning with great friend. Gift us great shape apple . The legend. Perfect fucking partner.
Posing in front of the camera is one of my hobbies. apple do not sponsor me just because I am
Boo bear stud muffin honey bunches daddy baby boo thing Apple of my eye youre my favorite thing. NationalBoyfriendDay 
So they gave me a new phone after seeing all the issues it caused My phone is under warranty tho so you may take yours in too
netflix apple No reason to have auto previews in the AppleTV app. VERY annoying. Samsung app doesnt do this. At least provide an option.
Compare Apple Iphone se vs huawei p10 lite vs Samsung Galaxy apple iphone se vs huawei p10 lite vs samsung gal
Such a big improvement to Apple that I can submit and update and its reviewed in less that 24 hours indiedev
DID YOU KNOW This apple scented herb comes in several different forms but
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded...
New Printable Kelloggs Coupons via Wild for Wags  1.00 on any TWO Kelloggs Apple Jacks ...
Apparently not effectively enough. There are still legal ways of obtaining one or modifying to create one.
Take a bite of the apple with this DKNY Be Delicious eau de parfum spray Fruity refreshing
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
I already added it to my Apple music library
But when is Apple gon make gifs for all1k  JustZik in the Messenger app tho
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
The difference between cars and guns you have a chance to survive a car crash safety is regulated guns arent. Difference apple to oranges.
nightlightguy Apple updated my podcast app and I hate it now. What do your listeners tend to use
Apple has replaced Siri with some newer younger chick... Typical Hollywood.
Take a bite of the apple with this DKNY Be Delicious eau de parfum spray Fruity refreshing
I need apple cider donuts asap
Granvilles Coury Rogers shoots a 78 at Turnberry Div I sectional tourn to qualify for next Tuesdays district tournament at Apple Valley.
Apple Watch Series 1 42mm Aluminum Case Extra bands and dock 150.00 via eBay
If you and your boo dont have a playlist in apple music then wyd
Apple cinnamon toast crunch
Display Release on apple CAST
att apple nothing loads on data yet data is still being consumed. Snapchats dont load iMessages dont send..
Apple pie. Croissant dough buttermilk cinnamon sugar and cranberries. appletime Bondir
I only bought Apple pie to eat the apples
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
NEW SEALED Apple MacBook Air 11.6 Core i5 4GB 128GB MJVM2LLA  Silver 612
Augmented reality set to become next battlefield for Apple and Google  The Straits Times
apple just gave me my phone for free was 200 and the girl said youre good to go not gonna charge you
RT iphoneinformers NYC Sunset Eve  Apple MacBook Skin Decal Kit
newswallet iPhone X Why Samsung will earn from 4 bn more thanks to Apple s success...
Apple releases kernel source code tuned for mobile chips ARMfriendly source code for the XNU kernels
This Jordan just dey carry apple for head abi is Steve jobs related to ur fart
Pretty sure I see people complain about every Apple update
Gotcha speaking of the podcast. Is there anywhere to listen to it other than iTunes Im not an Apple guy so I dont have iTunes.
There is a store next the apple store and I think best buy. One of those Kiosks. Sorry I dont remember the name but I the clip one.
brutella is there a way to show favorite groups or scenes on Apple Watch via Home app complication Rather than just accessories
The iOS 11 update reminds me of my android back in 2012. Cute. Apple
Diss doesnt need to improve lmao rice had no flow he needed to improve and having a song on apple music doesnt mean hes better
Day 3 Really feeling the fall vibe. I call this one Apple Pie inktober . . . inktober2017 
And another HighSierra issue. Bluetooth headset will no longer connect. This is worse than Windows Vista. Apple
Ill take my Apple Watch. Thanks in advance
My Apple Music Favorites Mix this week is on point as usual. lizpierson will love it
apple
Apple Music kinda put it back on there lol
MannyMua733 is handling these apple products like they are two dicks 
Thats the apple cider vinegar
shit man ill BE the apple
Wrong.Theyre legal under certain conditions. Fact. Side kits to fully automate a semi automatic r legal. Fact Hmmmm
Apple vs Android users worst fear 
I wanna go apple picking and then make apple piessssssss
Apple Watch Charm Slide Jewelry Accessory Crystal Bling
Apple fix this iOS 11 problem please. Its making my apps freeze and I have to restart my iPhone.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple s investment in micro LED predicted to lead to future Apple Watch with longer battery life
Why has nobody confronted apple about this yet
I really hate those wireless Apple headphones
Apple Watch Charm Slide Jewelry Accessory Crystal Bling
Yes thank you. I was waiting for someone to bring up all their apple pie bullshit.
Bon apple feet
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Apple Yogurt Parfaits with Homemade Fall..
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
I need a boyfriend to buy and hook up apple tv in the new apartment for me right quick
iPhone 8 India Launch Jio Buyback Offer May Boost Apple s Fortunes in India
Please RT recipes food cooking delicious cook recipe Healthy Apple Cinnamon Muffins
Apple So when are you going to come out with a fix for the issue of the battery draining This is ridiculous IOS11BATTERYISSUESUCKS
Rice is a life saver Ive booked an appointment at the apple store for tonight terrified something more will happen 
Apple Watch Charm Slide Jewelry Accessory Crystal Bling
Trumps tax plan would hit Apple s overseas earnings
Apple bees really helping everybody out lol
We at the bees for half off apple and dollar Ritas
NEW Unlocked Apple IPhone 5 GSM Black White16GB 32GB 64GB Price 149.95 View and Buy this item on ...
Apple also heavily invested on LG cuz Samsung controls 90 of the OLED market so no one can do much about it
If Steve Jobs died to give us free apple devices he would have been more appropriated so come to your senses and support Tstv its cheaper
Apple Watch Charm Slide Jewelry Accessory Crystal Bling
for apple gear with freeshipping worldwide
Apple Watch Charm Slide Jewelry Accessory Crystal Bling
Just 1.13 WLtoys 110 Pcs Apple Building Block 6603 IQ Training 1.13
Apple releases iOS 11.0.2 for iPhone iPad and iPod touch
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
mind you blameitonkway had me drinking crown apple at 830 AM. Non the less him and
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree apparently.
Discounted price 1.13 WLtoys 110 Pcs Apple Building Block 6603 IQ Training 1.13
Woorise Giveaway Win a Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or an Apple iPhone X
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Cimorelliband PLEASE PUT THIS ON APPLE MUSIC SOON I cant tell you how many times Ive listened to this cover
Dear Apple iOS 11 is absolute garbage Sincerely The internet ios11
Siri May Be The Big Winner In Apple s Switch To Google For Web Search  Fast Company
Im pissed my phone and my laptop both arent working. Fuck apple at this point
Apple ATT according to both of you though a lot of people have said the same so I dont give a fuck who it is..just fix your shit.
A much needed break to draw something for myself. And offer an apple mysticmessenger unknown saeran inktober sketchbook ray 
Apple vs android users worst fear when dropping their phone 
Dear Mark Hormone Normalizing Questions  Marks Daily Apple
goddamn this is some good apple juice killer queen take a sippy
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple update for iOS addresses iPhone 8 crackling noise  CNET
This IOS update has my Apple looking  acting like an Android youherdme
Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold at 124.99 on O2 NonRefresh 24
My 59yo Dad texted me this morning asking me if I knew anyone at Apple who could connect me to its higher ups so that he could make a pitch
Apple following in microsofts footsteps by eliminaing the number 9.
Apple iPhone 7 256GB Jet Black at 284.99 on 4GEE 2GB 24 Months contract
RT MacRumors Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest 
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold Verizon Smartphone 399.00 via eBay
Apple MacBook 12 512 GB Space Gray Laptop  MLH82LLA April 2016
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Black Sprint Smartphone 400.00 via eBay
Bad news grant writing at crazy oclock. Good news eating apple pie and awaiting the AL Wild Card stream. America I am almost in you.
RT BeatOrMisses   EPAZ Zenapay..
I see the apple didnt fall far from the tree...
God bless you and Valinda
Wall Street gives bigtech stocks the cold shoulder
Apple whatve you done to break APFS  vagrant  nfs folders sync on the new HighSierra  Are you going mad AppleFail SoberSierra FixIt
guys who wants to hear a story sit on miss boidoians carpet come on criss cross apple sauce
I have so many Apple ID in notes on my phone I cannot figure out which one is the new one Every upgrade needs a new Apple ID. Ridiculous
Been to an Apple store 3 times and an ATT store 3 times and Ive gotten its Apple issue or its att issue all 3times
As expected iOS 11 has significantly slowed down my iPhone 6. Just like Apple to strong arm their loyalists into an upgrade
Im getting every lady drop. Apple juice is precious. zoesays 
Apple bees showing out now. Cuffing season
Himx vuzi kopn Google Big event tomo the whole ARVR sector to be on fire again Apple and Google fully committed
I ate a Carmel apple for the first time this month and guess what the apple went bad
this morning my texts wouldnt work  now my camera doesnt work. apple about to make me switch teams. this is ridiculous.
Lot of 6 Apple iPhone 6S A1688 Customer Return Lot iPhones
reason why X coming so late is they had to make shit load of OLED pannel for apple
I liked a YouTube video
My 8 Plus works flawlessly on the latest iOS.. Apple is not messing around this year.
Or maybe in wasted stock
Do this one thing to grow your miserable calves via rbodybuilding apple sauce69
Theres advantages to Sonic Jam over Mega Collection. You can save your progress for Sonic 1 and 2 plus you can Spin Dash in Sonic 1.
Never had a poor mans candy apple
Apple Music just charged me 10 for a free trial... uHm I WANT MY MONEY BACK IM SO MAD
U know androids camera suck ass when u get the newest model and the quality is still bad compared to apple s iPhone 4
httpswww. cnet.comnewsshouldap plefeelthreatenedbyamazonssmartspeakershow  On Amazon Apple and those pesky smart speakers.
Checkers Apple Pies Are Life
If you like great music and what to see what Im currently listening to hmu on Apple Music.
It was just styrofoam and an apple core guys. That makes it okay 
I got people tried to scan my or thought I want Apple Pie when telling them about using ApplePay . FrustedAppleFan
My cinnamon apple you know you did me wrong
NicolaYoon  To make a thing as simple as an apple pie you have to create the whole wide world. yalit 
someone bless me w an apple watch
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
my math teacher eats a big fat cucumber every single day in class and he just.... takes bites out of it like its a fucking apple
Siri May Be The Big Winner In Apple s Switch To Google For Web Search via FastCompany
TO WATCH YOU BLEED by jordonmgreene New Apple eBook Horror Chosen Selection ebook RT
Smaller Apps Adapt Their PaidSearch Strategies For Apple s New App Store
Alibaba Is Back In A Buy Zone How To Play Apple  SP 500 Futures  Nasdaq
Maybe its time I make a comeback to the Big Apple Mets. Haha BTW Ricky Bones should be a big league pitching coach somewhere in 18.
Register tweet and attend FutureWrite2017 for your chance to win an Apple iPad Pro with Apple Pencil Details
I do wish the Apple Watch had a circle face.
Get U signature design with LookRev interior decoration Apple 
I liked a YouTube video
Sponsored apple mail to outlook 
Baseball apple pie and Phillip Glass
my macbook is water damagedwont turn on and apple offered to fix it for free 
WTF apple  You removed telnet and other command line tools from High Sierra. Youve REALLY fucked up this time.
Definitely tried  true best apple bread. Ever.
I have a pen I have an apple  the new apple pen for sale now at apple .
I am so fuckin pissed I WISH i could return the favor to this subhuman fuck
The after concert sickness has hit. Everything hurts and my throat hurts. Its 630 and Im already in bed with hot apple cider and sherbet.
quelle surprise theyll just have to make another one. maybe call it 9. just to get it right this time ad infinitum.
hate is just an ugly form of love Bran apple
1 Week Bragg Apple Cider Vinegar Challenge PICS  Intermittent Fasting 70 lb Weight Loss Journey
Obio I use an iPhone7plus and my apple laptop.. I didnt carry it on my head like you do.. afterrall its my money and it cost a lot
see you remember green apple or cherry
Apple ATT I dont care who it is but me having jump through all these damn hoops with you both playing the blame game is stupid
Apple core
Im not mad my dude. I cant promise I didnt press the home and side button on my Apple device though
Re freaking tweet
Happy to be featured on The AList Jazz by Apple Music Jazz for Apple Music
Dollar margaritas at apple bees
Molly cooked some shrimp with all dante noodles bone apple tea.
So people on the wives pages BITCH about a thousand people asking about pumpkin patches apple orchards this time of year but when theres...
I dont like iPhone cases with the Apple logo cut. It makes me look like Im using an Apple product to show off.
i wanna go apple picking
 you can double that if you apple
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
And restoring music sucked. Apple half asses the metadata leaving info out causing 1 album to download as 2 albums. 6
In order for the googlepixel and GooglePixel2XL to compete with the iPhone and GalaxyNote8  this is what needs to be done
Its spaghetti Broccoli  Winesap Apple Fondue Bok Choy Cheese Whos Name I Forgot
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
Fintechs warn Google Apple could pinch revenue without action on open banking
Using my Apple Pencil for bullshit  one day at a time
October baseball is here and the action kicks off from the Big Apple . Im slightly leaning towards the Yankees to win tonight and advance
Check out  Apple deal from EE  Apple iPhone SE 16GB Rose Gold Refurbished at 59.99 on 4GEE Max 3GB ...
I wish it was easier to watch not being on cable using Apple TV. Having to pay 2.99 per episode gets expensive.
New post Celebrity New  Apple CEO Tim Cook has brilliantly used iPhone 8 hype to ... has been published on 
WATCH  health2con See how we are using Apple s coreML to reduce dxerror
APPLE NEWS Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014
Hmm Eating an apple while looking at the cherry blossoms is really special
Apple cider and pork Oh yeahSet it and forget it Fall meal.
WTF why cant I find an apple cider vinegar or saline douche for myvagina anywhere in Htown ThanksHarvey
Google and Apple see dramatic rise in requests for user data The US government asked...
I didnt age like a fine wine I soured like vinegar but for you broads on that apple cider vinegar diet... let me whip you up a batch
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
I want to inject Snapple Apple directly into my bloodstream that shit is crisp and I live for it
APPLE CIDER VINEGAR Hi Everyone How are you Do you drink or use Apple Cider Vinegar Have a great week....
Apple cider flavor with spices Its SOOO good I am a JD girl anyways and got this for a Christmas present last year and fell in love
im so glad u put Z back on apple music suh sza
Apple is doing me so dirty with this phone situation but I still cant bring myself to switch to Android smh
Im literally in a car 5 miles from Home and iOS is convinced theres an Apple TV available to connect to. 
I fw these jazz playlists on apple music
Its because its designer youre paying for the name supreme kinda like with apple sorta paying extra for a logo. Plus they sell super fast
Lets go to apple bees baby lol
Block CBS in Apple News 1 choose the Search tab 2 search for CBS 3 tap each match then tap the Dislike button at the top right
I cant imagine what type of tequila is in a 1 margarita from Apple bees
Now taking orders Candy Apple 36.00 per dozen Speciality Candy Apples 42.00 per dozen Caramel Apples 27.00 per...
People would slow their cars to look as HH measured the circumference of apple trees on the side of the road I mustve looked crazy
Apple iPhone 6s Gold 32GB deal price  Rs 39 800 Link
sweeeet like apple pie pie pie
In honor of fall a little homemade cocktail. Apple cherry fizz made with homemade slow cooker
the wifi on my iphone no longer works after i updated ios. apple s going in hard on this forced upgrade strategy
Fuck you be your shitty updates... Apple
apple ATT Im having a problem with my signal everywhere... I go to an apple store and it says it att and att says its apple .
Apple update fixes iPhone 8 crackle issues
Here have a weird looking apple . 
Hopefully well see it deployed soon  go Apple 
Tough call either PSL this or apple cider
Apple execs reap more than 19M each in vested stock bonus
Feasting tonight on apple pie HaagenDazsUS  Doritos  NewmansOwnFdn salsa and of course potato salad . Lets go Yankees 
Reflog18  so this is why you take your ladies to Apple Bees
First.. it takes me and sarah an hour to get to Blakes. Then we find out apple picking ended an hour before we got there.
Apple Executives Receive Stock Worth Over 19 Million Each as RSUs Awarded in 2014 Vest
These Chocolate Apple Slices are perfect for a party or a weekend project at home with the kids Get the recipe 
Pretty sure that this was created by Apple simply for the use of reacting to realDonaldTrump on a daily basis
No disrespect to the victimsbut it is to the shame of our political system that it may be said that mass murder is as American as apple pie
I just entered a Polyvore contest Harvest Time Apple Picking applepicking
I remade Apple Pie by Travis Scott too and made a video about it while I was at it. The Best Music is Here 
Save 35 on CleanMyMac3 by ordering through PossiblyCorrect . 
Î¾MASAKI YODA Think your heart on apple
Selling my gen 1 Apple Watch upgraded to the latest generation.
my mom made apple pies bc im so sad
yall really got apple watches still 
Feeling like a crab apple
Enter The Apple iPad Mini 4 Giveaway
I disagree. Theres no incentive for them to anonymize. Its how GOOG makes money. Apple can afford to anonymize since core biz is hardware.
I guess Apple should have talked more about audio codecs last year and then The Verge would have given them a pass
Hey yall Add me on Apple Music braydonjohnson
GoogleAndroid always trying to compete with Apple . You know this lol. Today Google almost came out with a line exactly identical to Apple lol. Copied AirPods and HomePod.
Girl when Apple start seeking clothes
funny how relative faults are smelling rotten apple  fault Acetaldehyde all afternoon  now quite enjoying my apple cider. the aroma itself isnt a problem.
McDonalds Apple pie
An apple I picked off a tree for free
 Apple is so expensive Made by google 
Amazon and Apple forgot to pay their taxes..
. deadmau5 Are you going to upload anymore Testpilot stuff on Spotify and Apple Music
AirPods yes but not your Apple Watch. Your AirPods will also not connect as easily as just opening the case on a phone thats not an iPhone
Yea na yall hoes ate the apple
After breakfast I thought that apple crisp and peach cobbler were breakfast.
SHUT UP ZAC. Android sucks and Apple is best. Animojis yeah.
Great apple
SHOCKING CUSTOMER SERVICE Apple AppleSupport
bro apple tv needs to get a remote tracker that tiny shit keeps getting lost
i have apple music for a reason cuz
Apple can we teach the phone to delete pics
 Google  Weekly Idol  Apple  Rohingya  Kingsman 2017105 0655 07 trndnl
Like thats exactly how I feel about most Samsung or Microsoft products compared to Apple Google but another programmer may feel different
Maybe I dont want to keep the doctor away apple .
Im trying to smell like some smores or some apple cider or some shit
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Google Pixel 2 XL vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus
He put his discography back on Apple Music
I wanna be the I WAS TOLD BY APPLE CARE lady for Halloween
The Ohio State University Working With Apple on Digital Learning Initiative
If this was brand loyalty Apple would easily be number 1
 8Committee  Apple  Theresa May  Aer Lingus  Las Vegas 2017105 0050 IST trndnl
Meanwhile Samsung is shooting for ultraelegance and Apple is barely moving its own needle. Both have gone stale to me.
Bought my first container of apple cider today and Im excited
Yeah but design at Apple was pretty solidly on that path so its hard to imagine anything else
A bunch of nothin...Im wit nado he had to fix some stuff wit apple lol and dont start on what i know you about to shoot at me
what kinda tequila is apple bees using
Forgetting your Apple Watch at home when going to the gym is basically equivalent to not going at all
Still taking Samsung over Apple 
Apple Ive been an Apple iPhone user for years but after this update I think its finally time for me to be an Android user now
Im gonna bill apple for the amount of time I spend updating this shit
ohsnapjbsmoove Hey JB just saw the new Crown Apple commercial looking good You foist any of that good booze on Larry Foisted
Apple IPod Touch 4th Gen 3.5 8GB Touchscreen iOS WiFi MusicVideo Media Player Price 75.00 ...
Why she buying into it like its an apple Im confused
apple music link
Enter The Apple iPad Mini 4 Giveaway
Because like Apple  Google is managing Android.
Seriously 5 days and apple can not resolve my phone the customer service is appalling uncaring and keep passing it on to someone else
Im just saying its probably just as bad for you but since its overpriced and comes with an apple you might feel like youre eating better
Love my Apple Watch
Mike Ds podcast on Apple Music The Echo Chamber is sooo good punk hiphop beastieboys 
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Gold ATT Smartphone
SAI The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Together Reliance  Apple will soon discover Bharat
Any year now Im afraid of Apple ditching local audio storage in favor of expanded Apple Music streaming features. I want to play my media.
BONNIE PINK  Eves Apple
She ate that like an apple 
MY PHONE KEEPS ON SHUTTING OFF EXACTLY LIKE THAT AND I DIDNT EVEN UPDATE I hate apple
I hate texting Android people cause I know my Apple emojis are showin up like Hey Arnolds country cousin on their end 
Almost there Were v excited to be in New Orleans the Big Apple  tn
Apple machine roke
How u gonna come into my store saying I dont know my apple id wtf u want me to do if u dont know how ima know it
Enough about the green felt. Maybe focus on the fact that Apple s lack of care about games created the void Nintendo is now successful in
 Apple is so expensive Made by google 
I was hoping to get myself one of those cork screw fancy apple peeler devices. But ya That seems a big much.
Googles new 160 wireless earbuds oneup Apple s Airpods in some important ways
Not exactly genius if you ask me because for one Samsung is leading design and next following Apple means doing stupid things like Jack.
i feel all depraved today but in reality am making apple butter picking up books buying a pen pickling jalapeos
Whats the advantage in taking out the headphone jack I hope you didnt do it just because apple did it.
Heres how much Apple paid for a spaceship a glass lobby and a barn
86yrold founder of key Apple chip supplier calls it quits  FT 
EU Takes Ireland To Court For Not Claiming Apple Tax Windfall 
Apple should pay Tax somewere or the EU is going to nail them . Revenge is sweet . 
Damn I cant even buy apple juice with the shit I got
Thank you weddingchicks for the Cider love Check out our Apple Cider Ginger Shrub
Ever tried Pineapple Ciroc  Apple Relentless Fire.
User friendly has always been relative tho Even your own example of Apple products some people find them hard to navigate
every time apple releases a software update it fucks my phone up. the first time it literally bricked my phone and i had to get a new one
Apple copied Microsofts mistakes.
The formula that even Apple watch program is calories in calories out to Eat Fast and BreakFast
Say what you want about Apple but that weird Android cursive whatever font is gross to look at.
apple music promotes my music ALL. THE. TIME 
Well folks Ive had a really great time working at Apple  but 
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
Apple Releases Update to Fix Watch Connectivity Issue
1 Infinite  address of Apple s headquarters  crossword puzzle clue
. Google Pixel Buds Apple . Boom roasted.
Apple dropped the headphone jack  ppl asked Why Bezel Free iPhoneX thats Why  
Apple AAPL Stock Slump Has Little to Do With New iPhones
Big Apple guy too Joe. And I agree with you there.
A fuckin apple seed
Of course my sweet little darling. He purred nuzzling her cheek tenderly. He had Mettaton bring the kittens and glasses of apple cider
This is y Apple will 5ever be better than android
i got a tv and an apple tv
Apple Airpods Bluetooth Headset OEM 145.99 via eBay
Apple how am I going to get my new Apple Watch tomorrow if it still hasnt shipped yet
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Gold ATT Smartphone 310.00 via eBay
Apple iPhone 5s  64GB  Space Gray ATT Smartphone 79.00 via eBay
Mm very well. She nods to the bartender before sipping her own apple martini. Fingers tapping against the glass. And who might you be
Apple AirPods White HEADPHONES ONLY via eBay
Abbyprofen us tomorrow. Except getting fucked up on apple cider
Apple pie ng McDo. Lol.
Me at the Apple Store Lemme get that uhhhhh slurpy durpy device
Me and my friend was like this last semester at a party never drinking crown Apple again
Apple iOS 11 sucks Since updating my phone drops calls and loses service sitting in my living room. My phone just restarts itself
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
The asshole I mean apple  doesnt fall far from the tree.
Apple cider vinegar is a alkalinizer
soooo Apple you gonna upgrade then for free orrrrr
Apple s iOS 11 has stronger security features. How do you feel about them cybersecurity
That takes courage Apple 
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
All I want rn is apple cider donuts from EZ orchards
Pure example Apple needs a lot of help. Bad design only becomes worse
Apple ipod classic 7th generation black 160 gb 215.00 via eBay
I really like Googles industrial design language. Its inviting and clean and feels like what Apple used to be when they were great.
Warm apple cider and whiskey. Soooo good.
Apple ... this is what innovation looks like
Ever since I updated my phone its been bugging the fuck out Wtf hoes Apple I want a new phone iPhone 8
That was my question. And if this means it can work with Apple Music now. Alexa doesnt currently but sonos does. Site was not clear.
I not a apple fan but this is far from a shot I would be embarrassed if I was Google.
Sponsored by Apple apple
Bag Music by Rod D on Apple Music
See you at All Seasons Apple Orchard tomorrow at 9 am
Win either a Fibit Ionic or an Apple Watch Series 3 ..You can choose giveaway sweepstake
The latest Ahmed AlNeaimy Daily
A video about
She Aint Right feat. Daone  Single by Rod D on Apple Music
Apple IPhone 7 Plus PRODUCTRED  128GB  ATT WARRANTY REMAINING Price 561.99 ...
If they aint be on so much bs I wouldve paid exclusive that hot bill but apple be tripping about other ppl pieces.
She Aint Right Remix feat. Rocko  Daone  Single by Rod D on Apple Music
MLBFanSupport I have an
AppleSupport why doesnt apple music let me add a released song from a prerelease album to my library
Hmm..should I eat my apple and mixed nuts with cranberries or buy the yummy chips in the vending machine
Apple munch.
My jams by Rod D on Apple Music
Hey AppleSupport Apple why is my health app not collecting data
How to shoot a vertical Pano on iPhone 7  Apple
AirPods gets completely shitted on.......... and iOS 11 is fucked up Apple yall bout to lose a customer to Google better think fast
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
Report Apple in talks with studios to offer current cinema releases inhome
Apple Releases Update to Fix Watch Connectivity Issue
I wanna go pumpkin  apple picking
Favorites Mix by Apple Music for Rod D on Apple Music
can you do a series of boys vs girls apple relay races challenges
Apple youre out of storage deletes 500 pics apps Apple  no matter how much you delete youre still gonna be out of storage
This is what idiots do. As American as an apple pie GunControlNow
i got so roped up in ra destroying my confidence w spelling that i forgot MY CARAMEL APPLE SPICE NOOOO
cool gift 5 Apple Watch Band Cowhide Genuine Leather iwatch Replacement Strap for Apple Watch Band 42mm Series
Hes a genius. Apple needs this.
It crashed while I was sending a text and now that its back on it wont connect to wifi. Taking it to the Apple store now 
my contract with spotify IS over. the promotional banner i posted was the last thing i needed to promote. i dont mind using apple music.
Spiced Autumn Apple  Halloweenready bath bombs Pumpkin Spice and so much more 
McDonalds apple pies use to be two for a dollar now they are a dollar a piece. Welcome to Trumps America.
EU taking on the giants Vestagers dust up with Amazon  Apple  into round 2 UK Tories would never get to Round 1
I called Apple because FedEx told me my shipping lost label  Amazing but true. How it is possible a very hard sticker label
Mine isnt
CUAlphaPhi and SAECreighton youre apple dishes were delicious Congratulations on winning the cook off
You are literally the ONLY happy customer Chamberlain has right now. Enjoy it while it lasts...
i need some apple juice
Sorry about that. Click the Apple link. That works.
So much to do but instead I just took a Buzzfeed quiz  found out what type of apple I am
whats the fucking point Apple
Apple acquihired the team from messaging assistant Init.ai to work on Siri  TechCrunch
Just took a sick video of me dancing like a fool in the mirror to a lit ass song and my phone shut down. Fuck you ios 11 and fuck you apple
Im so excited to go apple picking in a few weeks
Roasted Chicken Breast Steamed Veggies Mash Potatoes w Gravy And A Slice Of Apple Pie
8 almost as 7 no point to but it even. iPhone x has no finger print so stupid... also not gonna get it unless finger print is back
the apple of my eye
An apple a day keeps the pounds away or more Theyre packed with fiber and water so your stomach will want less.
Yall can stop violating my phone Im coping the X just Mack Apple
Nokia And BlackBerry Look Like Winners As Apple s Buzz Cools Off
yall know yall can go to the apple store and downgrade the ios 11 back to the ios 10 for free right 
This was a Peruvian apple cactus flower podfruit. Also seriously do you want me to put my other half of the chicken of the woods in deep freeze for you
Apple vs Google  Who gives the best features
Dad was psychologically unsafe Sounds like the apple landed on the rotten tree roots Youre apparently complicit based on facts vs denials
heyOApodcast can be found at
iOS 11 iOS 11.0.1 iOS 11.0.2 is a mess and Apple knows it I was told maybe 4 weeks till a fix
I love the smell of pumpkin tarts and apple pie
Look the hamburger I just cooked GordonRamsay Bone apple the teeth 
Cross cross apple sauce xxxtentacion
Yep. Apple sabotaging older models after a new release is like death and taxes.
I liked a YouTube video
Apple Music is honestly the best thing.
iSaber by Apple . Your portable lightsaber to slice anything that is Samsung...lol taragis potpot
Hey Apple my phone dies so quick whats up with that
I spent 22 minutes working out with Apple Health. 45 calories burned. LoseIt
Apple TV 2nd Generation MC572LLA 720p HDMI HD Internet Media Streamer via eBay
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware
google madebygoogle You literally posted this a year ago mocking Apple s poor choice. Now you follow their lead Def not buying a pixel2 
Difference between Republicans and DemocRATs. We find a bad apple hes thrown in the garbage where he belongs.
I liked a YouTube video
well if you want it in depth go speak to an Apple representative guy lol
Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and other questions
Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and other questions
I spent 30 minutes working out with Apple Health. LoseIt
someone please go on cute fall adventures to pumpkin patches apple orchards and haunted houses with me 
My cousin keeps wanting to take the kids apple picking and Im like It has to be CRISP Not 80
Anybody else notice apple took away the gun emoji and replaced it with a water gun
Apple idiots.
reneritchie on MacBreak Weekly you said in passing that you cannot make long distance calls on Apple Watch LTE. Is that right
I know this. But last year when Apple ditched headphone jacks people were in an uproar anyway p
clusterstock The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Hmhmhm something is really wrong with Siri Apple Need to correct that situation. 
Im eating an apple unsliced with braces lmao Im really fearless out here
Shot on iPhone 7plus . nofilter This is still a great apple phone
Apple gonna say its out of warranty
Google pixel be like fuck you apple
Ah Fall time to eat enough caramel apple suckers to put me into a diabetic coma.
They sholl tricked me.
So Apple TV has a Buzzfeed app which basically has all of their videos. I may or may not be binge watching the Nifty channel rn.
I need to get an apple now. Yum.
I spent 41 minutes working out with Apple Health. 389 calories burned. LoseIt
Why doesnt he have Obamacare I thought Obama took care of all that No
Paula White Ministries is giving away an Apple TV to one randomly selected entry All you need is internet and a...
My mom just said coochie to me and I almost spit up my apple .
Apple concedes new watch has connectivity glitch
Fuck apple and their shit technology 
Me too Like release it on apple music Spotify and on vinyl because I LOVE LOGE LOVE the music A LOT 
Got the apples I finished for Second Life up on my Flickr page. RSW Apple Bushel for Second Life flickr
Dont count on any Apple fireworks on Wall Street next week
Me laughing at all the apple users 
but that would complicate the circuitry and Apple wants to minimize partsspace inside the device as you can see with the video adapter
My dad has quite a green thumb Theres an apple tree in the yard where deer eat apples out of it.
Apple trapped me on iOS  perhaps forever  Mashable
team apple
Its 2017 and apple cider is still a seasonal drink 
Work has an Apple Watch competition to close rings. Some people apparently workout for 10 hours a day...
Green skittle doesnt even taste like green apple anymore
Apple Watch Series 3 LTE review 3 ways to make it better  Apple Byte 
INTRODUCING THE Apple iEYECAM FEATURING A VGA LENS NEW iTAPE ANALOGUE RECORDING WITH WAIT FOR IT... NO SOUND ITS NEW ITS ORIGINAL
Yeah youre not alone lol apple needs to fix their problems before they keep making new crap to throw in the mix
Im doing research on Apple Watches rn bc thats my gift to myself
Thank you Dear Cynthia. Excellent info. The skin is the most nutritious part of the apple . I eat unpeeled apples. However I have never tried to bake with unpeeled apples. GoGreen HealthyLiving
RT 9to5toys Tweetbot 4 for iPhone iPad and Apple Watch now 50 off on the App Store 5 Reg. 10  
Apple You Know I Have Madd Love For You BUT Please Fix Tha People Scan In Tha Photos App It Scans Then It Doesnt Then It Does. Help
While yall make fun of green felt keep in mind that Tims Apple remade it with animated balloons and eventually killed the app completely.
Can someone please explain to me why they removed the headphone jack Because Apple did it is NOT an acceptable answer.
Ive deleted the same emails FIVE TIMES TODAY. wtf Apple
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Cult Of Chucky  I did not know Apple created psych wards
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
How to List Your Business on Apple Maps
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Im at Apple Galaxy Macau in Macau
Stygian Depths  Chaos Is King on iTunes Apple Music...
Bill Gates response was  Apple 
Apple partners with Ohio State University to launch digital learning initiative.
Google pays Apple 3000000000 per year to remain the iPhones default search engine.
Trump Jr lies egregiously ... the apple doesnt fall far from the tree
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
I spent 18 minutes working out with Apple Health. 124 calories burned. LoseIt
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
Cinnamon candles apple pie and Harry Potter on.... girlsnight I love October
Great idea. Hopefully more women take advantage of it Ohio State and Apple to launch digital learning initiative
Pumpkin Apple Muffins are Fall all the way
blue light just dropped on apple music album hasnt leaked yet
Decor w designer furn  lighting virtually LookRev furniture Apple 
Agreed. Any app he buys I can get too. But also shared Apple Music account is awesome.
Lifes been good ever since they put Days Before Rodeo in Apple Music
Apple Battery Life sucks
Well Apple is focused on specific users. Designers creators etc. this one wont fulfill many requirements there yet.
Apple Lightning to Micro USB Adapter New retail M a soli 7.40 EUR 50 di sconto
Oh dont worry about it Im bitching into the ether that your stores take Samsung Pay but not Apple Pay despite Apple owning a huge market share of devices.
going have drinks at apple bees with whitney
5 APPLE LIFE HACKS 
Uh ohhhh Apple 3D Touch isnt giving that haptic feed back on my 8 Plus smh disappointed
I bet Sarepta is your best Performer. That and apple is all a girl needs
The whole reason why they have updates is to ruin your phones so you buy new ones every year apple
PlexPy ChrisAyersPC indochris609  Apple TV has stopped Sex and the City  No Ifs Ands or Butts.
Apple acquihired the team from messaging assistant Init.ai to work on Siri
shingo sawatari discontinued his pleasure with the sweet milk apple berry pie with honey.
Apple fyi none of us   anything about this update 
VXI Corporation Blueparrott B350XT Black Headband Headsets for Apple
sundarpichai kudos to you and google...seems you dont even consider Apple a worthy rival ..bring it on Amazon 
9to5mac RT 9to5toys Tweetbot 4 for iPhone iPad and Apple Watch now 50 off on the App Store 5 Reg. 10  
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
The Wall Street Journal Apple Watch gets software update to fix cellular connectivity problem
Tweetbot 4 for iPhone iPad and Apple Watch now 50 off on the App Store 5 Reg. 10
My mom got apple pie candles so its a good day
Well be happy to help you out with any service questions Sarah Sorry to hear about the trouble. Is this Apple s Family Sharing EMW
Hi For this particular issue wed suggest keeping in contact with the Apple Store you had your previous appointment at.
Update one Apple product and they all need to be updated. A fun night of watching a white line slowly cross the screen
The Crappy Apple never fails to disappoint
But yall ate the apple cause a talking snake told yall too. Girl please
GAFAnomics Google AI first and cheapest Amazon We give you everything FB Spend more time on FB and we make more  Apple  Buy the Best
Stygian Depths  Escalator of Life on iTunes Apple Music...
fiona apple  every single night
Wait what Bulgaria seriously Actually I should be asking Apple seriously Siri asksiri Apple Despacito 
Its free apple pie slice special today yuummy when you order 10 and dine only
Is Apple Cinnamon oatmeal considered a snack this is as close imma get to apple pie tonight
you smell fall in the air...i smell apple pie heyy FallFeels
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
AppleSupport Apple timcook ios update sucks its too slow on iphone 6s plus
Based on common sense and not greed. Big difference. Also Swiss have decent education system. US does not and rooted in racism. Apple Orange
AppleSupport I requested Apple ID account recovery and got a 17 hour window to receive further instructions. Now Im seeing 1 day to get it
Apple juice
Healthy snack glutenfree Apple Banana Sushi Recipe  backtoschool2017 The Savvy Age
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
The lady in red TO LET GO iPhone 7 Plus 256GB USA Set RED 2nd hand RM 3399. pakai tak sampai sebulan. condition 1010. 1 yr Apple warranty 
Y was i not surprised but rather more angered by the no Of times i read  apple  in this article Apple googleidentical boring uninspiring
Real talk why is beyonces album lemonade still not on Spotify or Apple Music
Tweetbot 4 for iPhone iPad and Apple Watch now 50 off on the App Store 5 Reg. 10
apple music having a social feature is such a good way to find new music i love it
APPLE iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rose Gold Sprint BAD ESN
Tech NightiPads Kahoot Nearpod SeeSaw Osmo Apple TV. Thanks BV  PTO for making our learning innovative SREFamily 
Google Now gets it right too. Its just a special edition for Apple 
Overnight Cybersecurity DHS DOJ chiefs to face tough questions on Apple  cyber defenses  TheHill
Google Pixel 2 XL vs. Apple iPhone X There can be only one
TMobile I love you guys but I wish you had a better selection of phones besides the Samsung and Apple phones. Maybe HTC Google etc
I want one But the girl at Apple told me a lot of ppl dont like it and have been returning it cause it causes trouble
I think 4.75 acres is about right. enough for a good sized garden for me and two acres of apple  pear trees.
Make sure your software for export up to date or your Apps Store on your Apple up to date  Have a nice day GanbaRena
but for real after watching this...yall dont feel the need to question why apple s airbuds are also 159
Apple IPad MC707LLA A1416 64GB WiFi Black 3rd Generation Price 95.00 View and Buy this ...
 Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
craving apple cider
I have serious reservations about them in my ears mostly because the current wired apple earphones just fall out whenever I turn my head.
Apple It is time that Apple tweeted...
Apple Hires AI Team From Init.ai to Join Work on Siri 
Apple iPhone 6s Plus  64GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone 335.00 via eBay
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
How swim tracking works on the Apple Watch Series 2 and 3 PopSci dove into the science
VicEGray could have control if it was an Apple product as opposed to Microsoft Lol
I think I need to make some apple crumble.
Well you picked a non apple product so it fixed that error for you.
Google CEO Sets AIFirst Device Blueprint to Catch Apple
i do not like that racist gorillawith an adams apple and bulgeor her godless soros and islamic bought faggot freak husband
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Apple Receives FCC Approval for iPhone X Ahead of October 27 PreOrders 
RT businessinsider The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade  Forbes
20 Proven Essential Uses of Apple Cider Vinegar
businessinsider The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
So apparently this new IPhone update means it just decides when to play my music AppleMusic just started playing ok Apple  
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade
So glad I only ate an apple today
Agree... apple ....doesnt fall far comes to mind and this guys a nut the news people need to stop interviewing him when will they learn
fun dip. Green Apple .
Updates should make phones better not fuck them up Apple
As close as kombucha can get to apple pie. Cinnamon clove and nutmeg combine with dried apple 
Nvm I see that it was fixed. Guess they were informed already lol
Oh I know but people still have apple is overpriced.
Tweetbot 4 for iPhone iPad and Apple Watch now 50 off on the App Store 5 Reg. 10
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Apple I need more emojis to have beards so I can truly express myself
Davon you can buy Kingston 2Rx8 DDR3 12800U Desktop Memory for 22.98 on
Apple dispute escalates EU takes Ireland to court
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Matte Black ATT Unlocked
Get Instnat Apple Technical Support for Your Issues. Call at 18005012708.
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
I prefer a warm apple pie
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP022LLA 160.00 via eBay
I havent listened to Heart Attack since they took it off Apple Music.....
Googles new Pixel Buds earphones are wireless but not like Apple s AirPods
I put on a random emopop punk songs of the 2000s playlist from apple radio the other day to relive my high school days and that was on there. It was jarring to me how much differently I view it now as a adult.
Twitter vote not a dumb UI poll just respond via text plz Should I wear my Apple Watch with my wedding dress And if so WHICH BAND
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
apple
Fast and furious doing an apple  not necessarily needed but all you fuckers will watch it.
What does Apple currently do on device Siri speech still goes to their servers Id imagine
Starting trend bad.
Im not about to have my battery die in 10minutes because Apple want me to buy the new iPhone. Uhuh the iOS 10 is good for me
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Judging by her Adams Apple ... HE WOUKD KNOW
Its apple cranberry 
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
I will forever talk shut about Apple until they actually fix their sweatshop factories in china
httpwww. wonkity.comwblockdocsh tmlbuildworld.html  Make World Apple . Be more like Google.
Apple is heartless. They know people will keep buying whatever they slap a rose gold finish on. Thx for the info on Samsung  had no idea.
Apple gather iOS 11 together my battery is going down too fast and THATS JUST A NO
pkafka can you point me in the direction of the person who runs the Apple Podcast department
Mmmmm hot apple cider
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Live photo No earphone jack Wow really google copy from Apple s marketing
apple and google maps not working. GREAT
Apple TV if u can get it jail broken sheeeeeeesh
Apple is really losing the grasp of blocking peoples messages from your phone so those messages pop up on your mac
Irony is that was the problem with most original Apple Watch reviews.pundits thought it was a phone replacement then.
Came home to spaghetti and meatballs with Crown Apple and Sprite thanks to JHubbard100
Go to you tube watch Dr Becker videos Mercola or on Apple or Amazon watch film petfooled you will be freakingvout what garbage in pet food
Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and other questions by Glenn F
Cmon Apple What Yall Doing To My Phone 
We are here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here. steve jobs quote Apple 
Cuz Apple bees is nasty
Stop buying Gucci and get Apple Music back
debraleedavis for the follow CLOUDUNLOCK Check Out Apple iCloud iPhone  AAPL for unlock code
Wish she would get her ass of the Voice one bad apple omg
Bohemian Restaurant on Yelp  Frozen Yuzu dessert with frozen apple below and a little Light cake with ball of whit
Phew if it runs on Apple OS UFP may have to buy the iReactorCore at a ridiculous price to run its computers.
Googles Pixel Buds are like Apple s AirPods but smarter by Karissa Bell via Mashable
Who is apple jacks
Did anyone else get their music library erased by Apple 
Why did Apple and Google both get rid of the headphone jack it makes no seoh yeah they both dropped wireless earbuds this year. Thats why.  ..
And an Apple Watch because fuck it
Does this kid even have teethLike I cant be the only one that almost loses a tooth regularly biting into an apple .. like what is this
TheRealKapG when does Slump hit Apple Music
this is why Apple is better than android
WWE and IGN bring eSports to the Big Apple
I loveeeeee my Apple TV
businessinsider The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
I got so into the fall spirit that I made apple crisp spilled it on my bed and now I have an apple crisp smelling bedroom
Starting trend good or starting trend bad
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
I want a candy apple
Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone MNAM2LLA
yeah its on my apple music acc
indierock NowPlaying urockradionet URockradiophl NP Sleep To Dream by Fiona Apple  Rocking The Unheard with the Under Exposed 
Hi debraleedavis  many thanks Follow The Cloud cloudunlock cloudunlocker apple samsung iphone icloud
Apple pushes out a new watchOS update to fix the Series 3s LTE fails 
True. The thing is we all have choices. One mans meat is another mans poison. And apple will always out do Samsung in the market
Apple iPad Air MD786LLA  A1474 32GB WiFi Black with Space Gray
Apple SVP Bruce Sewell interview details clash with Qualcomm over iPhone patent royalties
Maybe but pretty shit excuse for a release by any standards let alone Apple s
I could shove an entire apple pie fritter from Tims up my ass. Theyre so good.
Apple teachers back for more appleteacher ForTheLoveOfLearning classroomclips 
And Nazem Kadri scores the first goal of the 1718 NHL season to put the Leafs up 10 over the Jets. Van Riemsdyk gets the apple .
Anchor Glass Satin Yellow Pink White Blue Dogwood Apple or by AlbertsonMiller
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11
I want apple pie a la mode
both are ontop of apple at the moment
Samsung has been accused of buying resources from places that use sweat shop labor but thats more of a blurred line accusation
The air from near the Apple tree
Apple we got some beef to solve
Two tons of apple sauce 
Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
Apple has a tough road ahead in the AI battle
YahooFinance Apple and Qualcomms billiondollar war over an 18 part
Loooooooooooooooooooooooooool Im laughing because last year they were shitting on apple for not having one
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
So well probably get the physical copy the day of but well get the album on streaming services Spotify Apple Music on 1110 12am EST
Apple Releases Update to Fix Watch Connectivity Issue
Hey Apple do the world a favor and buy Sling make it user friendly and youll have that TV service you always wanted
You and criticism get along as well as dog shit and apple pie.
Europe takes Ireland to court over Apple s 14.5 billion tax bill  Engadget
MARISSA MY BABY MY CINNAMON APPLE MY CUTIE PIE MY PRECIOUS ANGEL MY SOFT CUTIE MY HEART MY VISUAL GODDESS
How about optical zoom  oh sorry.
I dont think I could own Airpods even if I wanted to. The Apple earbuds dont fit in my ears and always fall out.
When my Apple Watch dies mid workout I feel like the workout didnt count smh.
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
Seriously. They are 4.5 and 2.5. Apple 
Also Apple tries to hold back something from the cheaper option to upsell you to the next SKU. Makes business sense but feels shady.
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
You need to sue apple
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla executive
One actual apple .
Check out betterwordspod on Apple Podcasts or your Android App of choice This week its all about the TBR betterwords 
Actually think he was in great position. Probably could have made a play on a better ball also. We crush apple  but he played this on well.
Indie Author SelfPublished Enter the New Apple Book Awards 70 thru 12117
NEW SINGLE ON APPLE MUSIC AND ITUNES OUT NOW Go download and bump that shit on repeat EVERYBODY DIRTBOIRECORDZ 
Download Gummy Pop now from Apple App Store or Google Play Store for free
LITERALLY JUST TWEETES ABOUT THIS Fix it Apple 
This GlutenFree Cranberry Apple Detox Smoothie GF Low Cal Vegan Paleo will lighten up your day
Apple releases watchOS 4.0.1 w fix for LTE connectivity issues on Apple Watch Series 3
Apple trapped me on iOS perhaps forever the iPhone owns my soul MacDailyNewsMacDailyNews
Apple pushes out a new watchOS update to fix the Series 3s LTE fails Brett WilliamsMashable
Apple Watch software update promises to fix cellular bugs  CNET Scott SteinCNET
Apple stocks about to rise to the sky
So now Battlefront II tonight... apparently its something I have to contact Apple about.. Im still streaming tho
Samsung is not directly tied to a sweatshop  they have even tried to move away from it where as apple bullshit  lied about solving it
Greatstockpix might not be an apple fan but my Apple TV lets me watch him an DayTraderWayne on TV. 
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Hot apple cider sounds good 247
If you see an Apple store getting rob does the make you an iWitness
I can see the headline. Google says Fuck you to Apple on Wednesday
Here is my review of the new Apple iOS it should be called puOS 0 stars
E.U. Citing Amazon and Apple  Tells Nations to Collect Tax
1210 would go to apple picking with and then cuddle in a pumpkin patch
RT businessinsider  The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla exe
or go to an apple orchard with you like what
Slideshow Do Apple Cider Vinegar Remedies Work
Apple could have put user needs first by showing them a list of apps that wont work anymore as part of them choosing to upgrade to iOS 11
US has highest corp income tax rate in industrialized world at 35compare to Ireland 12.5 where Apple  many US firms r investing big .
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade
Wait so apple  AppleSupport stopped signing 10.3.3 for devices that arent compatible with iOS 11 What if I have to restore my 5c dumb
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Enter The Apple iPad Mini 4 Giveaway
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
Apple
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
The secret to Steve Jobs and Elon Musks success according to a former Apple and Tesla execu
And this same process will work for MacOS systems but you wont need it because Apple provides a comprehensive unicode font Arial Unicode
Whoever came up with the concept of Apple Music is a genius
Never leaving Apple
Apple ou Samsung MPN BIBITATTO BIBITATTOGAMES REZENDEEVILGATO
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade  Forbes
You cant talk shit about me if you dont have Apple Music
Watching Pistons from the Fox Sports App on my phone. Got it streaming on the Apple TV
Is that shit plastic yall were clownin apple for no audio jack. What happen
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
TheRealKapG when you gonna drop Slump on platforms like Apple Music or SoundCloud tho G Shit is
Apple pie and vanilla ice cream
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
ElmwoodEagle Apple tasting was a success in Kindergarten. 
When you try to go to Apple bees for 1 but you end up walking out its a mess
Visualizing 15 Years Of Acquisitions By Apple  Google Yahoo Amazon And Facebook
I cant even afford to breathe in the apple store right now fam
Homemade apple crisp 1 apple  oats cinnamon 2 tsp light brown sugar ghee only had 6g to
How to shoot a vertical Pano on iPhone 7  Apple
I feel so proud I took my meds with apple sauce and couldnt taste the pill. I DISLIKE meds and never finish them.
Mass shootings are as American as Apple Pie and yet ppl w compassion never get used to senseless murders of innocent people.
Only if Apple made a female robot  
Im untagging Apple Stymie. Plz make all future canoe tweets as replies to this tweet. Or some precreamnoob tweet.
Hey GordonRamsay  what do you think of these nachos Bone apple tea 
The only way to really build a relationship is facetoface. That gets at the essence of what retail stores have to be about. SR VP Apple
The Apple Podcasts app update is ruining my life. Please tell me theres a better listening app out there.
I love this Apple Music shit
As if losing my apple wasnt bad enough there was a typo in that tweet. 
Is Googles new Pixel 2 smartphone better than Apple iPhone 8 Learn more
It should be in the UK 18.49p not 49 Thats why nobody is going to buy your shit they are all going to go to Apple
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Lov
but my apple music subscription has ended
Have an apple cider donut and pair it with a maple latte
I grew up putting cheese on apple pie Try it YUM
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Bla
well i just bought an Apple Watch so i still havent learned
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Red
This is a noble pursuit and awesome technology. Certainly puts Apple s big release of a cellular Apple Watch
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Ret
dont let Apple see this
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0  Visit Here
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Ret
Okay. My fault. Apple did and google should too.
I bought two bags of Carmel apple suckers. Tis the season.
Yall need to chuck them crappy apple products and come over to the dark side of SAMSUNG... 
Sharp seeks new panel buyers as Apple adopts OLED Nikkei Asian Review
Just when I thought that I couldnt hate Apple more.
Just Pinned to Apple Watch Bands Stylish Bands Casetify Apple Watch Band 38mm Saffiano Leather Watch Band  Coo
Thats a pretty Apple move
Apple needs a setting for its elderly people. So Im able to approve or deny their purchases. mymomboughta 39walkingapp
Pixel 2 vs. iPhone 8 Google takes a shot at Apple
Apple Ohio State partnership to bring iPads for incoming freshmen iOS laboratory to campus  OSU  The Lantern
Two apple pies ready as part of thanksgivingdinner for 14 people. applepie thanksgiving 
I mix Ciroc Apple with Cran Apple but I mix with the Ciroc Mango with Cran Pieapple.
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Rose Gold Unlocked Smartphone MNAM2LLA
I will give my love an apple SchollHalperin
CGI is connected to Apple Pay 
Shes really eating that lettuce like a big ass Apple
Apple trapped me on iOS  perhaps forever  Mashable
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
I dont understand that. I dont understand what purpose that serves. He spends all his time looking at what Apple does and defends it all.
Yeah. Apple has me by the balls lmao Their OS is much simpler and convenient and not to mention their hardware has more longevity.
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
Lia you can still downgrade back to iOS 10. Apple havent stop enrolling that software yet
Just updated my iphone with iOS 11.0.2 One word FIRE Thanks Apple
SamsungMobile if Apple can figure out on their own mind you how to send long texts as ONE msg then I think you can too. GET IT TOGETHER
I cant even get a regular apple Im that broke
Crisp Pr353n3 is an apple bitten the snares thump in the locket you chest when they heat the water for the tea leave.
The demonizing people with different needs that  Apple people constantly do also sucks. Im a person too
Apple
Dear Mark Hormone Normalizing Questions  Marks Daily Apple
Pixel 2 is out and its competing w Apple 
A yarn apple craft f
Heres how much Apple paid for a spaceship a glass lobby and a barn
In the mood for some apple salad
my phone is broken i have to go to apple or something
When android introduces a feature no one notices. When Apple introduces a feature the world around us changes. Thats the difference. oop
Flipkart Festive Dhamaka Days sale Deals on Redmi Note 4 Apple iPhone and more phones  The Indian Express
Apple should allow drag and drop between apps on the iPhone. Its true that normally you use the phone with one hand but there are a lot of cases where it would be really helpful. Specially if you are used to drag and drop on the iPad.
amairanithecoug Were here if you need help fixing your phone
Why the hell does every company have to just follow apple like sheep I want my headphone jack
If I update my phone again and my phone still tripping them folks at apple gone have to see me.
CrowlDougie Do you think you could throw a guy out at home from shallow center with a granny smith apple 
DPTechLucas Chalk it up is a pol app in Apple App Store
Apple has been doing this for years. They release new software that forces you to get a new iPhone. . . . .
Literally was at the apple store for 4hrs
apple and ea have the same strategy for the iphone and sports games
At this point its embarrassing to say you own a Pixel. Google duplicates Apple to stay alive remember that. Ill leave you with this
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
Apple hiring editor to curate live sports content developing AR technology for MLB  iLounge News
Its caramel apple pop season
BBC News  Amazon and Apple caught in latest EU tax crackdown
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Because its no different than Spotify Apple Music streams counting towards album chart calculations
Apple Car Play and Amazon Music
So apple decided to delete all my music
thats the whole strategy of apple
The technician at the Apple Store saw this picture 
Blog  Is Google Pixel 2 an Apple iPhone Killer
new Google pixel 2 phone follows Apple and ditches the headphone jack... beginning of the end rip
Im fucking pissed about iOS 11 Apple is about to catch every one of my hands
There is someone in the Apple analysis scene I wont name names. But he talks a lot about critical thinking but is hardly ever critical.
Im bouta fuck them strawberry margaritas up at Apple Bees the whole month of October Im not a drinker but I love those .
So my battery in my iPhone6 is depleting too quickly. Just found out Apple will replace the battery for free. Now I need to find time to get it done. I leave for New York again this weekend so time is precious.
 AAPL Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade Now on
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB Rose Gold TMobile Smartphone  BRAND NEW  VLADAGcom
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade
Theyre starting to become worse. Apple least added wireless charging finally. Google Pixel 2 is starting to feel like an iPhone 7
YU both need Apple vinegar after every meal. Normal Logo Ko Meal 2 Time Hoti Hay app DONO Ki tu 20  22 Bar Hoti O Ge
spoken like a true Apple fan.
Ireland to be hit by court action over Apple tax shortfall
GOD CAN YOU PLEASE LET THESE FOLKS EMAIL ME BACK ABOUT MY SONG GETTING ON APPLE MUSIC PLEASEEEEEE
I was actually a steak pie..she doesnt like Scots..a sausage roll 4 doughnuts an apple turnover and a cream puff.
iPad news Apple Stops Signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11.0 Downgrading No Longer Possible
iPad news Apple Stops Signing iOS 10.3.3  You Can No Longer Downgrade iOS 11 to iOS 10
iPad news Apple partners with Ohio State University to launch digital learning initiative
I got one follower on Apple Music What a day
 apple seeds 
madi my baby my cinnamon apple i love you
Apple slices from Mickey Ds
Do you live in a mob movie Is the fee actually protection money
Google takes on Sonos Apple with Google Home Max A more robust speaker with Google Assistant built into it
Join 7 people right now at  Apple Pie Scones cheers food recipes cooking ideasinfood scones apple ideas
Apple Tests Files and Directory Entries API and New Encryption in Safari Technology Preview 41
Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and other ...
energy Google takes on Sonos Apple with Google Home Max A more robust speaker with Google Assistant built into
When wife gives you healthy steel cut oatmeal open the little packets add butter and apples and make apple crumble. healthyright 
get the fast charger brick from the apple charger and the new lightning cable. itll charge 50 percent in half an hour
Apple is really bad at design
Phone legit just broke when it was just sitting on my desk... well Apple Ill be giving you some more damn money now
Trying the new AirPods Apple  Cupertino  California 
Awesome I just found this FREE PhotoRealistic Apple devices Mockup on Behance . Download
I cant wait to go apple picking and do hay rides and haunted houses and carve a pumpkin
apple remains undoubtedly the best.
Apple why did u skip the iPhone 9
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
A cranberry and apple hybrid THE CRAPPLE
Apple MacBook Pro 15 Laptop with Touchbar and Touch ID 512GB SSD
apple ciroc and lemonade a really have you fucked up ..QUICK
Apple is known for their revolutions from iPhone. Google has no originality AND no innovations. So really whats the point of Pixel
This was two days ago but it was the Apple TV 4. Its fine now
Youd be well served to get in now and sell when the news is released approx October 13. Apple 4 trial date to be set indicating  VHC won.
Something better than Apple MadeByGoogle
ios11 11.0.1 11.0.2 Awaiting .3 .4 .5 .6 ...... .100 Still ios10 would be better AppleSupport Apple
My iPhone turns on and off ... Keep restarting at apple logo  iPhone 4S
Save 50  New Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sport Band
Stingy Jack theriegerkc Lairds Apple Brandy  Pierre Ferrand Dry Curaao  Pumpkin Seed Orgeat  FiveSpice  Li
Found it more interesting that they fell into line with Apple on things their vocal base was most critical of.
Thats cute you think that way. But the reality of it all is Google is a leech. Theyve stolen the majority of their ideas from Apple .
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
I spent 1 hour and 8 minutes working out with Apple Health. 336 calories burned. LoseIt
I dont know if this is down to Apple or record labels suspect the latter but getting tired of albums with random songs unavailable. 
Why does Microsoft ensure that its worse than Apple  I dont understand this business model.
No stay away. Its dangerous and full of idiots. Just focus on making Apple Music playlists
iPhone 8 Plus vs. Galaxy Note 8 video shootout Can Apple top Samsungs flagship
Hi HarryStyles i just bought your treat people with kindness bag and it smells like.... apple cider vinegar Explain
fuck iOS fuck siri fuck iphone fuck apple . im switching to google
And Apple will provide a privacyfriendly alternative even if it means their technology lags behind by a few years
YahooFinance Apple and Qualcomms billiondollar war over an 18 part
Apple Inc.  AAPL Plans to Spend 1 Billion on Original TV ...
iOS11 fucked up my phone so fucking much you fucking twats argh AppleSupport Apple
Also fuck you Apple . I cant live in a headphone jackless future. You started this bullshit.
Three Apple Suppliers Hit By Taiwanese Power Outage But Iphone Production O. 
Most likely less news worthy now as Apple was the first to do this but it does seem rather downplayed especially Googles dongle costs.
But for Apple  apple has a direct warehouse wheres its them using sweat shop labor theres no way around that.
Apple and Qualcomms billiondollar war over an 18 part
Apple Notes  Twitters ellipsis.
Emily Im not drinking apple cider vinegar. Ever.
yall i dont even have enough money to buy apple juice this is FUNNY
I have my fave fall snack. Apple slices with caramel dip
Turns negative energy from Apple to Google. GOOGLE
Apple case study How Apple builds everything around Simplicity apple mac marketing advertising Branding
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
DoorDash Im paying with Apple Pay but no promo code. Whats up
Really stupid to compare them. Its like comparing apples to oranges. Only Ronaldo was best orange at 24  Kane looks to be best apple at 24
1 My iPhone sticks for iOS 11 installation 2 I dont get email notifications anymore Is this Apple s way of forcing me to get the 8X
directvnow resuming any onDemand content on Apple TV app causes freezes and sputters. Not an issue wbandwidth. Live works fine.
Apple  We removed the headphone jack. Everyone Booo Google I have a great idea...
Apple bees anyone
Enter For A Chance To Win An Apple iPad 4 Mini dealmaxxdeals ipad
ISESCoyotes using Apple Clips to give presentations on the regions of Texas. jessjaybird515 MHsocialstudies 
360WiseNews  iPhone X Vs iPhone 7 Whats The Difference  iPhone X or iPhone 7 Should you upgrade to Apple ...
360WiseNews  Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade
TECHRADAR broadcast by EMETNEWSPRESS  Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues get a fix with watchOS 4 update
MacBook Repair Lndn Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and ot...
Who Wins When Techs Four Horsemen Face Off  An NYU professor says Apple may be the only tech giant that co...
One of the main reasons I dont support apple  they had to install suicide safety nets at their foxconn facility due to high suicides rates
FCE365 ALERT A CHANNEL IS CLAIMING TO BE LIKE APPLE AND YET JAILBREAK VIDEOS ARE FAKE 
Crown Apple I was saving for this weekend
How swim tracking works on the Apple Watch Series 2 and 3  PopSci dove into the science behind Apple s swim tr...
http bit.ly2fQ4s6s Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible iphonefirmware
Dear TomYork just checking in on you please eat an apple today and remember that we love you
The Pixel 2 proves headphone jacks are truly doomed  As usual Apple started a trend. Last year it dropped th...
London Mac Repair The Ohio State University Working With Apple on Digital Learning Initiative
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
I would point the finger at Apple for starting this trend. Everyone else jumped on the bandwagon.
Why is that every single time Apple comes out with a new products my iPhone starts to glitch and wild out .
Apple iPhone 8  256GB  Silver Unlocked Smartphone Picture Below CHEAP
Mashable Googles Pixel Buds are like Apple s AirPods but smarter
I cant wear spanx. Apple shaped women gotta be careful with shapewear. You can end up with your fat pushed up to your neck
Did the apple iphone update.... ruined my phone
The Apple doesnt fall far from the tree
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
2018 might be the year I make the switch to Apple Might have to get the iPhone 8 plus or X.....
Google has unveiled a raft of new hardware in a bid to take on everyone from Amazon to Apple and Microsoft
Using your Apple Watch Series 2 for travel tips for using your watch for boarding passes purchases apps more
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade
Most companies dont do it on a direct level. They buy from other companies that might but their resources from sweat shop or slave labor
Fiona Apple  if words were paint what color would be pain
Drink so tea or hot apple cider it helps me
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
Use your Macbook Pro or Apple Wireless keyboard as a MIDI controller for LogicPro
Create U signature looks w jewelry LookRev Custom earring Apple 
Pixel 2 vs. iPhone 8 Google takes a shot at Apple
Apple Boom Timeline 1915  Local orchards were yielding up to 230 boxes per acre at 2.50 per box. Follow the...
i wake up and thank whatevers up there for Apple Music sometimes
Ampharos   IV  CP  DSP 27m 0s  Apple Valley California US
Apple headphones arent doing it for me at the gym anymore time to upgrade to wireless beats
First caramel apple of the season. withnutslol
9to5mac Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Youd understand if you knew how anti apple I have been
Chama no WhatsApp 77991100859 DirectNoPeloAmorDeDeus APPLE MACBOOK PRO MF839 I52.7812813 RETINA 2015...
Apple sauce
I literally just looked at one of your vods your playing mercy with fucking apple earbuds and a shittop holy fuck your a joke
Google Pixel 2 XL vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus
going to the apple store never fails to make my day worse
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues
This is not a good time for Apple Music to be fucking up
Also looking at my pictures there might be an apple pie funnel cake. And Bengal bbq
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11.0 firmware impossible
WE ARE OFFICIALLY UP ON APPLE PODCASTITUNES AND EVERYWHERE ELSE. Do yourself a favor and
Its crazy how hard Apple makes it to download a free app to a shared device like an iPad. Really guys
I mean the new laptop doesnt even support Android apps And the headphones have a cord Why again Apple must be laughing its ass off.
Id love to know how Druaga1 got a PC to display onto an Apple  Monitor.
 Apple pay or Appa pay Laughing out loud KimsConvenience s S2  So funny Pure joy. Love to bitterasiandude  jeanyoon
and Apple has Siri
So many installs to do for my new imac . So in love with my new Apple Products  design creativitymatters
Just ate an entire apple knowing full well that I am lowkey allergic to apples. I think it was worth it though. Stay tuned.
Witching Hour Season 4 Day 04 The Apple boiPhone
MY FAV SONG IS NOW ON APPLE MUSIC
Thanks Yeah the X isnt cheap. I gotta say Apple s attention to detail isnt what it once was
Seriously loving the wirelessness Freeeedom  Apple AppleMusic 
Get apple and their iPhones to fuck absolute joke everything goes fucked up when the new one comes out
I need an apple watch to be more tentative
being sick is so weird because your body doesnt want food so youre like oh this apple will surely supply all of my daily caloric needs
I want a caramel apple with peanuts
Im personally going to stop feeding Apple  Samsung and Google by buying super high end devices it justifies that youre ok to pay the price
apple fix my bent iPhone thanks
PopSci dove into the science behind Apple s swim tracking on the Series 2  3 Apple Watch
why wont apple maps let me see traffic AND transit at the same time dont they realize lots of public transit uses the same roads as cars
So grilled to see this announcement from my alma mater The OhioState University and Apple . Will be great for Cbus.
Google Pixel 2 XL vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus 
AppleSupport Apple The latest IOS update is so full of bugs that you want to this to your device... 
was making a joke they are probably the most evil  coy. At least Apple  Amazon  MS are all yep wed harvest your organs if we could
articles being before Apple explained the charade on stage 
The New Apple Headquarters  Video Dailymotion
New watchOS 4 patch solves Apple Watch 3 LTE connectivity issues 
Had an ambulance driver get injured on the job  didnt hv insurance. Ridiculous.
Apple cider vinegar is the bees knees
Lmao cause I cant watch my phone on the tv without an Apple TV.... yeaaa idk why I tweeted that before
My opinion on Googles hardware announcements today Everything is inferior to things that Apple already sells ...
Apple better give her a new phone for the freeski
tldr of my thoughts on Googles press conference today Google is trying to out Apple  Apple .
Apple Cider Vinegar has to be one of the most difficult things to take a straight shot of lol.
This is why I wont upgrade my 6 until you drag me to the Apple Store kicking and screaming
Super annoying how Jay Zs Reasonable Doubt aint on Apple Music
Sonos is adding AirPlay 2 support for Apple devices in 2018
Sonos is adding AirPlay 2 support for Apple devices in 2018
Apple partners with Ohio State University for new digital flagship education initiative
I liked a YouTube video
The apple update is horrible
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
i pay for apple music for no reason  imagine using that over spotify ..
Apple partners with Ohio State University to launch digital learning initiative
iPhone 8 has wireless charging. Coming on over Dan ios apple
I dig this Apple Music update where friends can share what theyre listening to everyone update and lets spread the good music
If were playing Fantasy Apple  Scott Forstall Not a realistic option though
Imani was so excited to eat her apple when she got to school
iPhone bulletproof apple can take all my money
Brooooo Im craving apple juice so bad right now
My shit wont even finish updating I gotta go to fkn Apple in the morning
Okay Apple Ethan Seed. I didnt know you you did that. With a disc axe too. EthanDolan
Apple MacBook Pro 15 Laptop with Touchbar and Touch ID 512GB SSD
keep it down. apple jacks finna come for ya neck
YOU WAS MY BABY MY FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
G apple just charged me 165 for my screen being fixed I feel some kind of way
Apple cracks me up with the cup pong bitch thats beer pong Drink up
News on
...you have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney a used apple iPad will be provided. NoJustice
Love how I have to keep my iphone 7 plugged in so it wont die every few min..... thanks Apple AppleSupport 
Broke my apple headphones in less than 2 weeks  yayy
Wow Apple . Was
The latest Apple Rock EventMarketing Trends
Rick Ross  Apple of My Eye feat. Raphael Saadiq
Nope apple makes intuitive products that are for mass consumption. Im saying 3D printing isnt yet ready for that although they are trying
Apple went first and took all the arrows so others can do it without the crazy controversy. Some would call that courageous.
Europe has gone after every American hitech and found ways to tax extort the crap out of them. Google Apple  Microsoft now Amazon
apple who was the idiot that removed telnet from High Sierra
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Proud of Diamond Rains New Apple Official Selection EBook Award BYNR Award Winning
Ireland to be hit by court action over Apple tax shortfall
I locked myself out of my Apple ID so I cant play the sims and Im hungry 
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Apple my phone keep restarting every other hour smh fix this update
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
My home town of Everman TX has a voluntary Fire Department because we only have 5k people.
Macs are better than PCgood but incorrect advertising by Apple . FACT a PC 14 the price of a Macsame specs  more compatability.
this is apple pie with the crumbs on top.
Pro Tip Bring an apple
Hey hey Apple Music fans Follow my playlists
the way apple users caption images to try and prove that outdated overpriced technology is superior because of a brand name
Collecting data for an apple tasting graph. 
Ohio State University Working With Apple on Digital Learning Initiative
The Four The Hidden DNA of Amazon Apple  Facebook and Google by Scott Gall...
I love how with Apple whether or not to update is this sudoku puzzle you have to navigate but for everyone else its just an update.
my computer has a flagged photo and its a selfie from 2013 and apple isnt wrong the way i did my brows is offensive and im sorry
Includes Pepperstomato Apple cucumberoniondressingspinachavocadocornsweet potatocranberrieswalnutsand quinoa. 1010
Apple MacBook Air Core i53317U DualCore 1.7GHz 4GB 128GB SSD 13.3 LED Notebook
Apple closes the signing window for iOS 10.3.3 and 11.0
Apple Watch
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11.0 firmware impossible
Need the safari browser to watch uuughhhh. Why Apple  why...
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11.0 firmware impossible
BuyApple Lighting Cable 1M  Genuine Apple 12W 2.4A Power Adapter for iPad iPhone Malaysia shop click here
Lot of 2 Apple MacBook 201415 A13981MacBook Pro 201213PARTS Or REPAIR
Enter for a chance to win a FallHarvest Delta Vacations apple picking adventure
Apple Watch Series 1 2016 42mm Silver Aluminum Case White Sport Band 175.00 via eBay
Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Gold 279.99 via eBay
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case Black Sport Band  MP022LLA 150.00 via eBay
amc theaters 5 movies  apple bees 1 margaritas now this Issa date
Reluctantly did an inapp purchase instead of online. Got Apple email immediately. That was over an hour ago. App still not showing it. Online account doesnt show it either. ... But of course credit card does. I just cant win.
how is shawty wearing apple bottom jeans AND baggy sweatpants
Caramel apple lollipops are the best candy ever
My pal has her girls out at New York Comic Con Check her out apple dolls Have a good one
Her Daddy im thirsty I dont want water I want apple juice. Me you got apple juice money Her stares confusedly Me well alright then
Now that Apple stopped singing the iOS1033 can i sell now my iOS10.3.3s iPhone7plus at 1000  iOS11 ios11bugs fail
Hi Allan were looking at introducing Apple CarPlay and Android Auto in the future however at this point in time we have no further info.
hi Im at the apple store
New on ebay Apple iPhone 7  128GB  Jet Black Unlocked Smartphone
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Graces Courage Can she protect her sisters Kobo UK
Apple  our new phone has a better screen a better camera and a better user experience
Finallyyyyy got my Apple ID enabled and get to update all these damn apps
I liked a YouTube video
If the enterprise ran Apple s new o.s it wouldnt be compatible with the rest of the fleet  its updates would take too long. And no USB
Apple bees for dinner
Okay I wanna go to a art museum or pumpkin patch or hike or bike ride or maybe even a picnic or a art class or apple picking or SUMTHING
Idc how cheap the margaritas are you clearly have no taste buds if you can sit through a meal at apple bees
A loose apple
You can debate the merits of iOS but theres not much to debate that Apple s hardware is top notch.
 friend with iPhone hears you Finally left android for apple  
I pour apple juice into a whiskey cup because I can
ShaneBeattyKFM gavreilly Amazon owing tax to Luxembourg for same reason Apple owes us Interesting to c will they take
Also Apple  you dont even get to pretend to own wayfinding. Microsoft did it first. Just like they did almost everything bad first. 
Making apple cider at preschool Central Lutheran Church
says the guy who hung out w apple coworkers outside of work
if you have an apple pencil  does it work on iPhones just on iPad right
Apple iOS 11.0.2 Release Should You Upgrade hint no My guide for Forbes ...
apple need to bring that nigga steve jobs back
just had a realization that I cant plug my new Apple headphones into anything except my damn iphone. this feeling never gets any better
U really like the ej apple
ChicagoBill Notes Nokia And BlackBerry Look Like Winners As Apple s Buzz Cools Off
Please RT thermomix recipe Apple Lattice Pie with Thermomix France Shortcrust Pastry
Apple s iOS 11 Is On 38 Percent Of Apple Devices
Our Apple Cinnamon oatmeal helps lower your cholesterol and may reduce your risk of cancer 
Tiny macintosh This is my favourite apple at this time of year 
apple juice
Deal Save 50  New Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sport Band
Deal Save 50  New Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sport Band
Wow I just entered for a chance to win Yoobao 3ft Nylon Braided Apple MFI Certified Light... by Yoobao.
Haha I swallowed an apple pip once and I asked my gran what would happen and she said itll grow inside me. Didnt find it very appealing.
And heres another reason to why Apple products are ace.
The former CEO of Apple describes a remarkable conversation between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates that changed t...
EU rules Amazon ducked 294 million in taxes takes 15 billion Apple tax case to court
Apple releases watchOS 4.0.1 w fix for LTE connectivity issues on Apple Watch Series 3
Apple bitea is closed.. Thats a fuck up hey... What will I do now
Apple bees has 1 dollar margaritas and Im here for it Im already on number 3 and I plan on downing 30
With my apple juice 
Id love to have a charger that actually fucking charges my phone pls apple
Im probably not even going to try it. I have a thing about spoiled milk. I just ate an apple turnover that if its twin is any indication
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Same .
What it Takes to Build Apple Park The Ultimate Cost Guide via BuildZoom
Save 50  New Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sport Band
The apple might not fall far from the tree... but what happens if the tree is on a big slope and the apple rolls down the hill... fr
Fizzy apple cider Ugh This is my coronation not a hoedown.
Yo We did a preshow and post show for the Google Announcements today just like we do for Apple and Samsung
And then I said Fuck off and switched to Apple Music instead of going to spotify . AppleMusic
peanut. or almond. or apple .
Apple Watch connection snag Apple issues fix
gilmangal Typical stupid Apple . Use what we have or get busted.
One of the non educated decisions ever Apple .
AppleSupport I wanna buy laptop Apple how price
I want an Apple Watch the new one
Apple Stops Signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11.0 Downgrading No Longer Possible
Google Pixel 2 XL vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus
Pixel 2 vs. iPhone 8 Google takes a shot at Apple
Everything you need to know about the Apple vs Qualcomm battle
The world needs to be put in rice.
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Meslides over a piece of paper I hope you find the resume for doing a collab eligible William Bro this is an Apple Bee Coupon Me so
u my fuckin cinammon apple
You was my BABY  my FUCKING CINNAMON APPLE
TheWakes will your these hands album be making an appearance on Apple Music Lost my old cd copy
Macbook Air Charger LeYing 45W Magsafe 2 AC Power Adapter Charger Replacement for Apple MacBook Air 11inch 13inc... 
Autocorrect on IOS 11 makes me so mad. It changes all my correct spellings to things that dont make sense. iPhone and Apple are tanking
I like this
The Apple version is freezing too CBS
TBT the big Apple 
turns out its just an Apple Music playlist idk why I thought it was carefully curated by local baristas but whatever
but I exchanged the poisonous apple with a different one so guess whos getting poisoned now 3
Steph Nissen for the follow CLOUDUNLOCK Check Out Apple iCloud iPhone  AAPL for unlock code
Familyfriendly Hay Creek Apple Festival set for Oct. 1415
Apple File System FAQ How APFS works with older Macs encryption external drives and
ESSSETIT APPLE 
Tango One ready for departure. THE GHOST PATTERN Retweet rtravel fridayfeeling success Amazon apple
Thank you..also..any plans to support apple car play and android auto on existing vehicles CX5 MZD Connect
Apple why you gotta make things so complicated all I wanna do is charge and listen to music at the same time....
Then as the future of TV evolves work with companies like Apple  Google etc. to integrate Twitter into live TV i.e. realtime comments.
Watch Google repeatedly mock Apple at its October Pixel event
The Apple Watch Series 3 Stole The Show at The Apple Event 2017 apple iphone8 wednesdaywisdom tech
convert olm to apple mail olm to apple mail converter 
With the exception of the macs yes that is exactly what Apple is. If thats the case they shouldnt have a limitation of
Is Apple Finally Building A DualSIM iPhone Filings Suggest Its Possible
iOS 11 11.0.1 and 11.0.2 fucking suck. Fix these bugs Apple 
Amazon and Apple hit in EU tax crackdown
apple doing this shit on purpose smh
Apple Music is so slow with this new update FUCK
AnkerOfficial cables dont do they and they are amazing cheaper then original Apple ones
Love this new feature of Apple iPhone iOS 11.0.2. Paving the way to end one of the major distractions in our current world. 
I swear if she buys me an Apple Watch Im going to flip shit
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
EU hammers Amazon Apple over taxes
NintendoAmerica kind of like Apple brings back content with a network id a stolen 3DS is hard enough now  he lost all info autism
How swim tracking works on the Apple Watch Series 2 and 3
MarzBarGaming try updating your Apple Watch
Sell Philiphines Apple iPhone 7 128GB LTE Rose Gold  intl visit
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
EU hammers Amazon Apple over taxes
cucumber  orange  carrots  apple  
Just sit and medidat  its  Apple company...
mcdonalds apple pie
The odds of the perfect CEO existing andor being successful after that loss... 0. Kind of feels like Apple itself needed a grieving period
Lot of 11  Apple iPhone 5s  A1533  16GB  Smartphones LOCKED DAMAGED
Display Release on apple CAST
Apple acquihired the team from messaging assistant Init.ai to work on Siri  BOOKr 
morrisons savers apple juice i have 25p to my name
Googles Pixel Buds are like Apple s AirPods but smarter
 Google  Weekly Idol  Rohingya  Apple  Kingsman 2017105 0635 07 trndnl
Damn I need some spinach dip from apple bees in my life
Apple Jacks...  then return em
hey you yes YOU come apple picking with me.
Apple afternoons
Saw an Apple Maps van driving on I90 in Pennsylvania earlier today.
 ChefAtHome  Apple  Theresa May  Aer Lingus  Las Vegas 2017105 0035 IST trndnl
Uric Acid  How Soaking Gout Feet In Apple Cider Vinegar Can Relieve Gout
More excited about google event than apple s nowadays.
Yeah thats not gonna happen. Apple s all about control.
This was supposed to be a safe space poll......but APPLE  
Apple didnt delineate use cases mere presence of a separate pointing device indicated inferiority. If you see a stylus they blew it.
I really love being nosy on apple music
There isnt any as the app has to get approved by Apple too.
Maybe.. just maybe 1 Apple seed.
Ireland to be hit by court action over Apple tax shortfall
Save 34  BRAND NEW Apple iPhone 6 Plus 5.5 Display 16GB GSM UNLOCKE tuitutil
I visited my grandma and she fed me dinner and gave me an apple pie and cookies to take home. Grandmas are the best
Apple iPhone 7  32GB  Rose Gold Verizon Smartphone
apple Cuts iPhone SE 64GB Model Price Following.... gogadgets technews technologyfacts
Why apple Apple AppleSupport
Is there a fish missing or is the octopus the 7th Also nice touch with the apple print.
Sport City y Apple Watch
2017 is the death of the 600 flagship. iPhone X prices maybe like 100 less here on out. Apple cant be commodity priced. Googles just charging Apple prices because they can. Up up up.
Apple restores and backups take WAY TOO FUCKING LONG.
Apple releases watchOS 4.0.1 with fix for Series 3 LTEWiFi bug
Save On A Refurbished Apple iPad Air From Amazon via I Heart Saving Money  Check out this Gold ...
Christmas products now in stock. Apple Cinnamon Christmas Wish Candy Cane Swirls Merry Christmas Chocolate...
Apple Strudel ... Available in the Month of October napoleonsbakery 
Google is doing what apple used to be doing and should be doing
Very very Berry Release on apple Utopia
Apple sauce.
New apple bees
Google Debuts Its 400 Google Home Max Speaker To Rival Apple s HomePod apple nerd geek google
DESTINY 2 Right now is a great time to go get it On iTunes Apple Music Spotify
Apple partners with Ohio State University to launch digital learning initiative...
Another reason to choose Apple over Android
I got a lot of catching up to do to keep up with Google Apple  Samsung Facebook ect coz they invested in AI development.
Get a Apple Macbook wit freeshiping and an awesome price
Apple needs to fix the process of mobile device activations
AKIRA Release on apple DARK SIDE
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11.0 firmware impossible
You should only have one bite of that apple  Peter Neronha speaks on second chances in politics EFitzNews
Im two weeks behind  Apple TV issue but have little motivation to catchup right now. What for 
apple dolls please please can you pick me up one of these please Mel x
You know Apple makes a phone now. Did you know that You can get them in stores.
Permit breakdown pegs Apple Park spaceship at over 427.5M Steve Jobs Theater over 179.4M...
Display Release on apple CAST
If the bae at the Starbucks in Apple Valley could start working at the one on Baseline so I can see him every day that would be great.
An apple and Carmel sucker
Almost all of the companies we know use Foxconn for subcontracted labor  thats who is being referenced 
Save 50  New Apple Watch Series 2 38mm Sport Band
Apple reinforcing macOS iOS Siri team with acquihire of init.ai startup crew...
PIERROTS 2017 Release on apple in this mind
Booty looking like a firm apple  you smelling good. Great smile and all and you STILL TRYNNA STEAL PLAN B Wow this one took the cake.
The Wall Street Journal Apple Watch gets software update to fix cellular connectivity problem
Apple Watch gets software update to fix cellular connectivity problem  MarketWatch
my angel my love the apple of my eye 
tEaCh Me HoW tO aRt PlZ
Apple stops signing iOS 10.3.3 and iOS 11 making downgrades to preiOS 11 firmware impossible
Apple s China VPN Crackdown Is Just the Latest in a Long Line of Companies Caving
Dey cant even make a decent apple pie but mad at Cam
Nice the large basis of these articles being before Apple explained the charade on stage. You get fooled just like the masses. Saddening
Apple pulls Catalogs category from App Store Dice  Educational subcategories under Games...
what if im depressed  like to decompress at the end of the day w twitter marina. what if i like my apple music marina